Question #1 Topic 1

A UTM is deployed on the external edge of the main corporate office. The office connects to the WAN port of the edge router. The edge router at the main office connects to the remote offices using GRE IPSec tunnels. A network administrator notices that a worm that was not detected by the UTM has spread from the remote sites into the corporate network. The UTM currently has traffic rules applied that should block the port used by the worm. Which of the following steps would MOST likely correct this issue?

    A. Move the UTM onto the LAN side of the network
    B. Enable TLS inspection on the UTM
    C. Enable stateful inspection on the UTM
    D. Configure the UTM to deny encrypted files from being transferred

Correct Answer: C
Question #2 Topic 1

A technician has racked a new access switch and has run multimode fiber to a new location. After installing an extended-range 10Gb SFP in the core switch, the technician installed a 10Gb SFP in the access switch and connected the port to the new extension with a fiber jumper. However, the link does not display, and the technician cannot see light emitting from the core switch. Which of the following solutions is MOST likely to resolve the problem?

    A. Swap the fiber pairs in one of the SFPs
    B. Replace the jumpers with single-mode fiber
    C. Set the correct MTU on the new interface
    D. Install an optic that matches the fiber type

Correct Answer: B
Question #3 Topic 1

A network technician has implemented ACLs to limit access to cloud-based file storage. Which of the following security mechanisms has the technician enforced?

    A. DLP
    B. IDS
    C. WAF
    D. WPA
    E. TPM

Correct Answer: C
Question #4 Topic 1

A network technician receives a call from a user in the accounting department stating that Internet connectivity has been lost after receiving a new workstation. No other users in accounting are reporting similar issues. The network technician is able to ping the machine from the accounting departmentג€™s router, but is not able to ping the machine from the IT network. Which of the following is MOST likely the cause?

    A. Incorrect default gateway
    B. Duplicate IP address
    C. Misconfigured OSPF
    D. Improper VLAN assignment

Correct Answer: A
Question #5 Topic 1

A firewall administrator is implementing a rule that directs HTTP traffic to an internal server listening on a non-standard socket. Which of the following types of rules is the administrator implementing?

    A. NAT
    B. PAT
    C. STP
    D. SNAT
    E. ARP

Correct Answer: B
Question #6 Topic 1

A technician is installing a new wireless badging system on a hospital network. The requirements of the badging system are for it to have its own SSID and low power levels. The badging system has to cover 99.9% of the hospital. Which of the following is the BEST action to take to meet the system requirements?

    A. Install additional WAPs
    B. Install external antennas
    C. Move the WAPs closer to the more populated area
    D. Change the antenna types

Correct Answer: A
Question #7 Topic 1

A technician attempts to replace a switch with a new one of similar model from the same vendor. When the technician moves the fiber and SFP plug, the switch does not completely boot up. Considering that the config files are the same, which of the following is the MOST likely cause of the failure?

    A. Damaged fiber
    B. Corrupted operating system
    C. VLAN mismatch
    D. Bad port

Correct Answer: B
Question #8 Topic 1

A company has hundreds of nodes on a single subnet and has decided to implement VLANs. Which of the following BEST describes the benefit of this approach?

    A. It segments broadcast domains in the network infrastructure
    B. It provides a faster port to all servers
    C. It provides multiple collision domains on one switchport
    D. It provides multiple broadcast domains within a single collision domain

Correct Answer: A
Question #9 Topic 1

A company has completed construction of a new datacenter, and the IT staff is now planning to relocate all server and network equipment from the old site to the new site. Which of the following should the IT staff reference to determine the location of the equipment being moved?

    A. Rack diagrams
    B. Network topology
    C. Standard operating procedures
    D. Wiring documentation

Correct Answer: A
Question #10 Topic 1

Which of the following would allow a device to maintain the same IP address lease based on the physical address of the network card?

    A. MAC address reservation
    B. Static IP address
    C. IP address exclusion
    D. Custom DNS server entry

Correct Answer: A
Community vote distribution
A (100%)
Question #11 Topic 1

A technician wants to prevent an unauthorized host from connecting to the network via Ethernet. Which of the following is a Layer 2 access control the technician should implement?

    A. Access control lists
    B. Captive portal
    C. WPA2
    D. Port security

Correct Answer: D
Question #12 Topic 1

A network engineer is configuring wireless access for guests at an organization. Access to other areas in the organization should not be accessible to guests.
Which of the following represents the MOST secure method to configure guest access to the wireless network?

    A. Guests should log into a separate wireless network using a captive portal
    B. Guests should log into the current wireless network using credentials obtained upon entering the facility
    C. The existing wireless network should be configured to allow guest access
    D. An additional wireless network should be configured to allow guest access

Correct Answer: A
Question #13 Topic 1

The server team has just installed an application across three different servers. They are asking that all requests to the application are spread evenly across the three servers. Which of the following should the network team implement to fulfil the request?

    A. Proxy server
    B. UTM appliance
    C. Content filter
    D. Load balancer

Correct Answer: D
Question #14 Topic 1

A network technician is deploying mobile phones for a companyג€™s sales staff. Salespeople frequently travel nationally and internationally to meet with clients, and often have to roam or switch cellular providers. Which of the following standards is the BEST option to fit the requirements?

    A. GSM
    B. TDM
    C. CDMA
    D. PSTN
    E. MIMO

Correct Answer: A
Question #15 Topic 1

A network administrator has been given a network of 172.16.85.0/21 and wants to know the usable range of IP addresses on that subnet. Which of the following indicates the correct IP address range?

    A. 172.16.80.0-172.16.85.254
    B. 172.16.80.0-172.16.88.255
    C. 172.16.80.1-172.16.87.254
    D. 172.16.80.1-172.16.85.255

Correct Answer: C
Question #16 Topic 1

A network technician is troubleshooting wireless network issues in a crowded office complex and suspects there is interference from nearby wireless networks.
Which of the following should the technician perform to discover possible interference?

    A. Site survey
    B. Vulnerability scanning
    C. Wardriving
    D. Checking logical diagram
    E. Bandwidth test

Correct Answer: A
Question #17 Topic 1

A network technician is troubleshooting an issue and has established a theory of probable cause. Which of the following steps should the network technician take
NEXT?

    A. Test the possible solution
    B. Question the users
    C. Determine what has changed
    D. Document the theory

Correct Answer: A
Question #18 Topic 1

A network technician has discovered a rogue access point placed under an empty cubicle desk. Which of the following should the technician perform to ensure another cannot be placed on the network?

    A. Disable unused ports on switches
    B. Enable DHCP guard to detect rogue servers
    C. Configure WPA2 on all access points
    D. Use TACACS+ authentication

Correct Answer: B
Question #19 Topic 1

Which of the following provides the ability to deploy consistent access point configurations from a central location?

    A. Wireless controller
    B. AAA server
    C. WiFi-protected setup
    D. Proxy server
    E. VPN concentrator

Correct Answer: A
Question #20 Topic 1

A network technician is configuring a wireless network at a branch office. Users at this office work with large files and must be able to access their files on the server quickly. Which of the following 802.11 standards provides the MOST bandwidth?

    A. a
    B. ac
    C. g
    D. n

Correct Answer: B
Question #21 Topic 1

A network administrator configures a router with the following IP address information:
Gigabit Ethernet 1 Interface: 10.10.0.1/24
Serial 0 Interface: 10.10.0.253/30
Clients are connected to a switch on the gigabit Ethernet interface; the ISP is connected to the Serial 0 interface. When the router configuration is complete and client devices are reconfigured, all clients report that they are unable to connect to the Internet. Which of the following is the MOST likely reason?

    A. The router was configured with an incorrect IP address
    B. The router was configured with an incorrect default gateway
    C. The router was configured with an incorrect subnet mask
    D. The router was configured with an incorrect loopback address

Correct Answer: C
Question #22 Topic 1

A penetration tester has been tasked with reconnaissance to determine which ports are open on the network. Which of the following tasks should be done FIRST?
(Choose two.)

    A. Network scan
    B. Banner grab
    C. Tracert
    D. DHCP server check
    E. Brute-force attack

Correct Answer: AC
Question #23 Topic 1

Users are reporting Internet connectivity issues. The network administrator wants to determine if the issues are internal to the company network or if there is an issue with the ISP. Which of the following tools should be used to BEST determine where the outage is occurring?

    A. traceroute
    B. ping
    C. nslookup
    D. netstat

Correct Answer: A
Question #24 Topic 1

Which of the following security mechanisms dynamically assigns a Layer 2 address and restricts traffic only to that Layer 2 address?

    A. Sticky MAC
    B. 802.1x
    C. ACL
    D. NAC

Correct Answer: A
Question #25 Topic 1

Which of the following is a vulnerable system designed to detect and log unauthorized access?

    A. SIEM
    B. Honeypot
    C. DMZ
    D. Proxy server

Correct Answer: B
Question #26 Topic 1

According to the OSI model, at which of the following layers is data encapsulated into a packet?

    A. Layer 2
    B. Layer 3
    C. Layer 4
    D. Layer 5
    E. Layer 6

Correct Answer: B
Question #27 Topic 1

Which of the following WAN technologies is MOST preferred when developing a VoIP system with 23 concurrent channels?

    A. DSL
    B. POTS
    C. T1
    D. DOCSIS

Correct Answer: C
Question #28 Topic 1

A junior network technician is setting up a new email server on the company network. Which of the following default ports should the technician ensure is open on the firewall so the new email server can relay email?

    A. 23
    B. 25
    C. 110
    D. 143

Correct Answer: B
Question #29 Topic 1

Which of the following policies would Joe, a user, have to agree to when he brings in his personal tablet to connect to the companyג€™s guest wireless Internet?

    A. NDA
    B. IRP
    C. BYOD
    D. SLA

Correct Answer: C
Question #30 Topic 1

In a service provider network, a company has an existing IP address scheme. Company Aג€™s network currently uses the following scheme:

Company b uses the following scheme:

Subnet 1: 192.168.1.50/28 -
The network administrator cannot force the customer to update its IP scheme. Considering this, which of the following is the BEST way for the company to connect these networks?

    A. DMZ
    B. PAT
    C. NAT
    D. VLAN

Correct Answer: C
Question #31 Topic 1

A network engineer is designing a new network for a remote site. The remote site consists of ten desktop computers, ten VoIP phones, and two network printers.
In addition, two of the desktop computers at the remote site will be used by managers who should be on a separate network from the other eight computers.
Which of the following represents the BEST configuration for the remote site?

    A. One router connected to one 24-port switch configured with three VLANS: one for the managerג€™s computers and printer, one for the other computers and printer, and one for the VoIP phones
    B. Two routers with each router connected to a 12-port switch, with a firewall connected to the switch connected to the managerג€™s desktop computers, VoIP phones, and printer
    C. One router connected to one 12-port switch configured for the managerג€™s computers, phones, and printer, and one 12-port switch configured for the other computers, VoIP phones, and printer
    D. One router connected to one 24-port switch configured with two VLANS: one for the managerג€™s computers, VoIP phones, and printer, and one for the other computers, VoIP phones, and printer

Correct Answer: A
Question #32 Topic 1

A network technician is troubleshooting an end-user connectivity problem. The network technician goes to the appropriate IDF but is unable to identify the appropriate cable due to poor labeling. Which of the following should the network technician use to help identify the appropriate cable?

    A. Tone generator
    B. Multimeter
    C. OTDR
    D. Loopback adapter

Correct Answer: A
Question #33 Topic 1

A network technician notices the site-to-site VPN and Internet connection have not come back up at a branch office after a recent power outage. Which of the following is an out-of-band method the technician would MOST likely utilize to check the branch officeג€™s router status?

    A. Use a modem to console into the router
    B. Walk a user through troubleshooting the connection
    C. Travel to the branch office
    D. Hire a contractor to go on-site

Correct Answer: A
Question #34 Topic 1

A network technician is considering opening ports on the firewall for an upcoming VoIP PBX implementation. Which of the following protocols is the technician
MOST likely to consider? (Choose three.)

    A. SIP
    B. NTP
    C. H.323
    D. SMB
    E. ICMP
    F. RTP
    G. IPSec
    H. RDP

Correct Answer: ACF
Question #35 Topic 1

A device operating at Layer 3 of the OSI model uses which of the following protocols to determine the path to a different network?

    A. STP
    B. RTP
    C. RIP
    D. NTP
    E. SIP

Correct Answer: C
Question #36 Topic 1

A network administrator is setting up a web-based application that needs to be continually accessible to the end users. Which of the following concepts would
BEST ensure this requirement?

    A. High availability
    B. Snapshots
    C. NIC teaming
    D. Cold site

Correct Answer: A
Question #37 Topic 1

Which of the following devices should a network administrator configure on the outermost part of the network?

    A. Media converter
    B. Switch
    C. Modem
    D. Firewall

Correct Answer: D
Question #38 Topic 1

A company finds that many desktops are being reported as missing or lost. Which of the following would BEST assist in recovering these devices?

    A. Asset tracking tags
    B. Motion detectors
    C. Security guards
    D. Computer locks

Correct Answer: A
Question #39 Topic 1

A technician is connecting a router directly to a PC using the G1/0/1 interface. Without the use of auto-sensing ports, which of the following cables should be used?

    A. Straight-through
    B. Console
    C. Rollover
    D. Crossover

Correct Answer: D
Question #40 Topic 1

A technician is diagnosing an issue with a new T1 connection. The router is configured, the cable is connected, but the T1 is down. To verify the configuration of the router, which of the following tools should the technician use?

    A. Loopback adapter
    B. Cable tester
    C. Tone generator
    D. Multimeter

Correct Answer: A
Question #41 Topic 1

A network technician receives a call from a user who is experiencing network connectivity issues. The network technician questions the user and learns the user brought in a personal wired router to use multiple computers and connect to the network. Which of the following has the user MOST likely introduced to the network?

    A. Rogue DHCP server
    B. Evil twin
    C. VLAN mismatch
    D. Honeypot

Correct Answer: A
Question #42 Topic 1

A technician is setting up a direct connection between two older PCs so they can communicate but not be on the corporate network. The technician does not have access to a spare switch but does have spare Cat 6 cables, RJ-45 plugs, and a crimping tool. The technician cuts off one end of the cable. Which of the following should the technician do to make a crossover cable before crimping the new plug?

    A. Reverse the wires leading to pins 1 and 2
    B. Reverse the wires leading to pins 1 and 3
    C. Reverse the wires leading to pins 2 and 3
    D. Reverse the wires leading to pins 2 and 4

Correct Answer: B
Question #43 Topic 1

Which of the following is the number of broadcast domain that are created when using an unmanaged 12-port switch?

    A. 0
    B. 1
    C. 2
    D. 6
    E. 12

Correct Answer: B
Question #44 Topic 1

A network engineer wants to segment the network into multiple broadcast domains. Which of the following devices would allow for communication between the segments?

    A. Layer 2 switch
    B. Layer 3 switch
    C. Bridge
    D. Load balancer

Correct Answer: B
Question #45 Topic 1

The Chief Information Officer (CIO) has noticed the corporate wireless signal is available in the parking lot. Management requests that the wireless network be changed so it is no longer accessible in public areas, without affecting the availability inside the building. Which of the following should be changed on the network?

    A. Power levels
    B. Overcapacity
    C. Distance limitations
    D. Channel overlap

Correct Answer: A
Question #46 Topic 1

A network technician is assisting the security team with some traffic captures. The security team wants to capture all traffic on a single subnet between the router and the core switch. To do so, the team must ensure there is only a single collision and broadcast domain between the router and the switch from which they will collect traffic. Which of the following should the technician install to BEST meet the goal?

    A. Bridge
    B. Crossover cable
    C. Hub
    D. Media converter

Correct Answer: C
Question #47 Topic 1

Based on networks 10.8.16.0/22 and 10.8.31.0/21, which of the following is the BEST summarized CIDR notation?

    A. 10.8.0.0/16
    B. 10.8.0.0/19
    C. 10.8.0.0/20
    D. 10.0.0.0/24

Correct Answer: A
Question #48 Topic 1

A technician discovers that multiple switches require a major update. Which of the following policies should be followed?

    A. Change management policy
    B. Remote access policy
    C. Acceptable use policy
    D. Memorandum of understanding

Correct Answer: A
Question #49 Topic 1

A technician is troubleshooting a point-to-point fiber-optic connection. The technician is at a remote site and has no connectivity to the main site. The technician confirms the switch and the send-and-receive light levels are within acceptable range. Both fiber SFPs are confirmed as working. Which of the following should the technician use to reveal the location of the fault?

    A. OTDR
    B. Light meter
    C. Tone generator
    D. CSU/DSU

Correct Answer: A
Question #50 Topic 1

A Chief Information Officer (CIO) wants to move some IT services to a cloud service offering. However, the network administrator still wants to be able to control some parts of the cloud serviceג€™s networking components. Which of the following should be leveraged to complete this task?

    A. IaaS
    B. PaaS
    C. SaaS
    D. DaaS

Correct Answer: B
Question #51 Topic 1

Client PCs are unable to receive addressing information from a newly configured interface on a router. Which of the following should be added to allow the clients to connect?

    A. DHCP lease time
    B. IP helper
    C. TTL
    D. DNS record type

Correct Answer: B
Question #52 Topic 1

When enabling jumbo frames on a network device, which of the following parameters is being adjusted?

    A. Speed
    B. Duplex
    C. MTU
    D. TTL

Correct Answer: C
Question #53 Topic 1

A technician logs onto a system using Telnet because SSH is unavailable. SSH is enabled on the target device, and access is allowed from all subnets. The technician discovers a critical step was missed. Which of the following would allow SSH to function properly?

    A. Perform file hashing
    B. Generate new keys
    C. Update firmware
    D. Change default credentials

Correct Answer: B
Question #54 Topic 1

A network administrator wants to ensure sensitive data is not exfiltrated from the system electronically. Which of the following should be implemented?

    A. DLP
    B. AUP
    C. NDA
    D. SLA

Correct Answer: A
Question #55 Topic 1

An office network consists of one two-port router connected to a 12-port switch. A four-port hub is also connected to the switch. On this particular network, which of the following is the number of collision domains that exist?

    A. 3
    B. 12
    C. 13
    D. 14
    E. 15

Correct Answer: D
Question #56 Topic 1

A network technician wants to remotely and securely access the desktop of a Linux workstation. The desktop is running remote control software without encryption. Which of the following should the technician use to secure the connection?

    A. SSH in tunnel mode
    B. RDP set to console connection
    C. EAP-PEAP
    D. SFTP

Correct Answer: A
Question #57 Topic 1

Which of the following should current network performance be compared against to determine network anomalies?

    A. Baseline
    B. Traffic analysis
    C. Packet capture
    D. Logs

Correct Answer: A
Question #58 Topic 1

A network administrator configures an email server to use secure protocols. When the upgrade is completed, which of the following ports on the firewall should be configured to allow for connectivity? (Choose three.)

    A. TCP 25
    B. TCP 110
    C. TCP 143
    D. TCP 389
    E. TCP 587
    F. TCP 993
    G. TCP 995

Correct Answer: EFG
Question #59 Topic 1

After a server outage, a technician discovers that a physically damaged fiber cable appears to be the problem. After replacing the cable, the server will still not connect to the network. Upon inspecting the cable at the server end, the technician discovers light can be seen through one of the two fiber strands. Which of the following should the technician do FIRST to reconnect the server to the network?

    A. Reverse the fiber strands of the cable and reconnect them to the server
    B. Use a TDR to test both strands of a new replacement cable prior to connecting it to the server
    C. Replace the serverג€™s single-mode fiber cable with multimode fiber
    D. Move the fiber cable to different port on the switch where both strands function

Correct Answer: A
Question #60 Topic 1

The backup server connects to a NAS device using block-level storage over Ethernet. The performance is very slow, however, and the network technician suspects the performance issues are network related. Which of the following should the technician do to improve performance?

    A. Utilize UDP to eliminate packet overhead
    B. Turn off MDIX settings on the NAS and server switchports
    C. Enable jumbo frames on the NAS and server
    D. Encapsulate the storage traffic in a GRE tunnel

Correct Answer: C
Question #61 Topic 1

A technician is trying to determine the IP address of a customerג€™s router. The customer has an IP address of 192.168.1.55/24. Which of the following is the address of the customerג€™s router?

    A. 192.168.0.55
    B. 192.168.1.0
    C. 192.168.1.1
    D. 192.168.5.5
    E. 255.255.255.0

Correct Answer: C
Question #62 Topic 1

A network technician is able to connect the switches between two offices, but the offices cannot communicate with each other, as each office uses a different IP addressing scheme. Which of the following devices needs to be installed between the switches to allow communication?

    A. Bridge
    B. Access point
    C. Router
    D. Range extender

Correct Answer: C
Question #63 Topic 1

A network technician is working on a proposal for email migration from an on-premises email system to a vendor-hosted email in the cloud. The technician needs to explain to management what type of cloud model will be utilized with the cloud-hosted email. Which of the following cloud models should the technician identify in the proposal?

    A. IaaS
    B. PaaS
    C. SaaS
    D. MaaS

Correct Answer: C
Question #64 Topic 1

Which of the following is the correct port number for NTP?

    A. 25
    B. 69
    C. 123
    D. 161

Correct Answer: C
Question #65 Topic 1

A network technician is connecting two switches together. Which of the following protocols should the technician use to increase speed and fault tolerance?

    A. SIP
    B. BGP
    C. LACP
    D. LLDP

Correct Answer: C
Question #66 Topic 1

A company has a web-based application that is used by many different departments. The company has experienced some overload of resources on the database server. The network administrator implements a network device in between the servers and the database. Which of the following BEST describes the purpose of this device?

    A. Content filtering and network analysis
    B. Load balancing and providing high availability
    C. Port sniffing and protocol analysis
    D. Clustering and NIC teaming

Correct Answer: B
Question #67 Topic 1

A technician is replacing a switch at a branch office and discovers the existing backbone cable does not fit in the new switch. The fiber patch panel has circular connections. The new switch has a transceiver that accepts a smaller square adapter of two strands. Which of the following patch cables would the technician need to complete the installation?

    A. LC to SC
    B. SC to ST
    C. LC to ST
    D. ST to ST
    E. SC to SC

Correct Answer: C
Question #68 Topic 1

A computer lab on a campus network was recently reconfigured using recycled network cables. One of the 24 computers in the lab is unable to connect to the network after the upgrade. A network technician successfully uses the cable in question to connect directly to another computer. Which of the following is MOST likely the issue with the cable?

    A. The cable is a crossover cable
    B. The cable is a rollover cable
    C. The cable has bent pins
    D. The cable is a Cat 5 cable

Correct Answer: A
Question #69 Topic 1

Which of the following is a reason why a business may be hesitant to move sensitive data to a SaaS cloud service?

    A. Decreased performance of internal network
    B. Loss of full control over data resources
    C. Increased malware exposure
    D. Incompatibility with the current network

Correct Answer: B
Question #70 Topic 1

Users have been experiencing slow network response times, and management has asked the network technician to provide evidence of network improvement.
After optimizing the network, which of the following would be required?

    A. IDF/MDF documentation
    B. Change management
    C. Performance baseline
    D. Physical diagram

Correct Answer: C
Question #71 Topic 1

A network technician has created a network that consists of a router, a firewall, a switch, and several PCs. Which of the following physical network topologies was created?

    A. Star
    B. Mesh
    C. Ring
    D. Bus

Correct Answer: D
Question #72 Topic 1

A technician is setting up a branch office on a point-to-point connection. Which of the following IP network blocks is the MOST efficient use of IP address space for the router connections between the two sites?

    A. /24
    B. /25
    C. /30
    D. /32

Correct Answer: C
Question #73 Topic 1

A technician is upgrading the firmware on an older KVM switch. The specifications call for a serial port to connect to the computer on one side, and an Ethernet jack to connect to the switch on the other side. Which of the following connectors does the technician need for this cable? (Choose two.)

    A. RG-9
    B. DB-9
    C. RJ-11
    D. DB-25
    E. RJ-45
    F. BNC

Correct Answer: BE
Question #74 Topic 1

An end-user device requires a specific IP address every time it connects to the corporate network; however, corporate policy does not allow the use of static IP addresses. Which of the following will allow the request to be fulfilled without breaking the corporate policy?

    A. DHCP relay
    B. DHCP exclusion
    C. DHCP option
    D. DHCP reservation

Correct Answer: D
Question #75 Topic 1

A technician is planning a remote-access strategy to manage routers and switches on a dedicated management network. The management network is segregated from the production network and uses site-to-site VPN connections. Some of the equipment does not support encryption. Which of the following should the technician choose that all the equipment would support?

    A. Telnet
    B. SSL
    C. SSH
    D. IPSec

Correct Answer: A
Question #76 Topic 1

Which of the following protocols do MOST MITM attacks utilize?

    A. ARP
    B. SIP
    C. FTP
    D. SCP

Correct Answer: A
Question #77 Topic 1

An ISP technician gets a call from a business that just changed equipment but can no longer connect to the Internet. The technician checks the ARP table on the
ISP switch, and there is no corresponding MAC address present. Instead, the entry is ג€Incompleteג€. Which of the following could cause this condition?

    A. VLAN mismatch
    B. Duplex/Speed mismatch
    C. Duplicate IP address
    D. TX/RX reverse

Correct Answer: B
Question #78 Topic 1

A systems administrator has recently purchased and installed a large electronic signage screen for the companyג€™s parking garage. The screenג€™s management software was installed on a server with a public IP address to allow remote management. The systems administrator is now troubleshooting an issue with the screen displaying unknown, random, and inappropriate messages. Which of the following is MOST effective in resolving this issue?

    A. Changing the management softwareג€™s default credentials
    B. Disabling unnecessary services from the server and management software
    C. Changing the management softwareג€™s default port
    D. Replacing the management softwareג€™s self-signed certificate with a valid certificate

Correct Answer: A
Question #79 Topic 1

A technician is investigating a server performance issue. The technician has gathered the server utilization statistics. Which of the following should the technician use to determine which statistics are not in the normal range?

    A. Baseline review
    B. Vulnerability scan
    C. System life-cycle report
    D. Archiving logs

Correct Answer: A
Question #80 Topic 1

Which of the following devices, if implemented, would result in decreased administration time of an 802.11 network running centralized authentication services?
(Choose two.)

    A. VPN concentrator
    B. Proxy server
    C. Wireless controller
    D. RADIUS server
    E. Multilayer switch

Correct Answer: CD
Question #81 Topic 1

A technician must determine if a web page userג€™s visits are connecting to a suspicious websiteג€™s IP address in the background. Which of the following tools would provide the information on TCP connections?

    A. netstat
    B. tracert
    C. arp
    D. ipconfig
    E. route

Correct Answer: A
Question #82 Topic 1

An administrator is moving to a new office. There will be several network runs through the ceiling area of the office. Which of the following is the BEST to utilize in these areas?

    A. Single-mode fiber-optic cabling
    B. Cat 5e-rated cabling
    C. Cat 6-rated cabling
    D. Plenum-rated cabling

Correct Answer: D
Question #83 Topic 1

A network technician receives a spool of Cat 6a cable and is asked to build several cables for a new set of Ethernet runs between devices. Which of the following tools are MOST likely needed to complete the task? (Choose three.)

    A. Wire stripper
    B. Cable crimper
    C. RJ-11 connectors
    D. RJ-45 connectors
    E. Multimeter
    F. Punchdown tool
    G. Tone generator

Correct Answer: ABD
Question #84 Topic 1

As part of a transition from a static to a dynamic routing protocol on an organizationג€™s internal network, the routing protocol must support IPv4 and VLSM. Based on those requirements, which of the following should the network administrator use? (Choose two.)

    A. OSPF
    B. IS-IS
    C. RIPv1
    D. BGP
    E. VRRP

Correct Answer: AB
Question #85 Topic 1

A telecommunications provider has just deployed a new OC-12 circuit at a customer site. While the circuit showed no errors from the provider end to the customerג€™s demarcation point, a network administrator is trying to determine the cause of dropped packets and errors on the circuit. Which of the following should the network administrator do to rule out any problems at Layer 1? (Choose two.)

    A. Use a loopback at the demark and router, and check for a link light
    B. Use an OTDR to validate the cable integrity
    C. Use a pinout tester to validate the cable integrity
    D. Use a multimeter to validate the cable integrity
    E. Check for any devices that may be causing EMI on the cable
    F. Clean the cables to be sure they are free of dust and debris

Correct Answer: AB
Question #86 Topic 1

A single PRI can deliver multiple voice calls simultaneously using which of the following Layer 1 technologies?

    A. Time division multiplexing
    B. Analog circuit switching
    C. CSMA/CD
    D. Time division spread spectrum

Correct Answer: A
Question #87 Topic 1

A network technician is diagnosing a time-out issue generated from an end userג€™s web browser. The web browser issues standard HTTP get and post commands to interact with the website. Given this information, the technician would like to analyze the entire TCP handshake of the HTTP requests offline. Which of the following tools would allow the technician to view the handshake?

    A. Packet analyzer
    B. Port analyzer
    C. SNMP traps
    D. Spectrum analyzer

Correct Answer: A
Question #88 Topic 1

A customer cannot access a companyג€™s secure website. The companyג€™s network security is reviewing the firewall for the server and finds the following output:

Which of the following changes should be made to allow all customers to access the companyג€™s secure website?

    A. Allow any any 10.5.0.10 443
    B. Allow any any 12.73.15.5 443
    C. Allow 10.5.0.10 443 any any
    D. Allow 10.5.0.10 any 10.5.0.10 80

Correct Answer: C
Question #89 Topic 1

Which of the following MUST be implemented to share metrics between routing protocols within the same router?

    A. Routing loop
    B. Routing table
    C. Route redistribution
    D. Dynamic routes

Correct Answer: B
Question #90 Topic 1

An engineer is reviewing the implementation requirements for an upcoming project. The basic requirements identified by the customer include the following:
✑ WLAN architecture supporting speeds in excess of 150 Mbps
✑ Clientless remote network access
✑ Port-based network access control
Which of the following solution sets properly addresses all of the identified requirements?

    A. 802.11a, IPSec VPN, 802.1x
    B. 802.11ac, MPLS, 802.3
    C. 802.11b, PPTP, 802.1x
    D. 802.11g, MS-CHAP, 802.16
    E. 802.11n, SSL-VPN, 802.1x

Correct Answer: E
Question #91 Topic 1

Which of the following is used to classify network data for the purpose of providing QoS?

    A. STP
    B. VLANs
    C. SIP
    D. DSCP

Correct Answer: D
Question #92 Topic 1

A network technician needs to separate a web server listening on port 80 from the internal LAN and secure the server from the public Internet. The web server should be accessible to the public Internet over port 80 but not the private LAN. Currently, the network is segmented with a network-based firewall using the following IP addressing scheme on each interface:

Which of the following ones should the technician use to place the web server and which of the following firewall rules should the technician configure?

    A. Place the web server in the public zone with an inbound rule from eth0 interface to accept traffic over port 80 designated to the web server
    B. Place the web server in the DMZ with an inbound rule from eth0 interface to eth1 to accept traffic over port 80 designated to the web server
    C. Place the web server in the private zone with an inbound rule from eth2 interface to eth1 to accept traffic over port 80 designated to the web server
    D. Place the web server in the DMZ with an inbound rule from eth1 interface to eth0 to accept traffic over port 80 designated to the web server

Correct Answer: B
Question #93 Topic 1

A company recently upgraded all of its printers to networked multifunction devices. Users can print to the new devices, but they would also like the ability to scan and fax files from their computers. Which of the following should the technician update to allow this functionality?

    A. Device software
    B. Printer drivers
    C. Printer firmware
    D. NIC drivers

Correct Answer: C
Question #94 Topic 1

A disgruntled employee executes a man-in-the-middle attack on the company network. Layer 2 traffic destined for the gateway is redirected to the employeeג€™s computer. This type of attack is an example of:

    A. ARP cache poisoning
    B. IP spoofing
    C. amplified DNS attack
    D. evil twin

Correct Answer: A
Question #95 Topic 1

The process of attempting to exploit a weakness in a network after being given permission by the company is known as:

    A. penetration testing
    B. vulnerability scanning
    C. reconnaissance
    D. social engineering

Correct Answer: A
Question #96 Topic 1

A company has contracted with an outside vendor to perform a service that will provide hardware, software, and procedures in case of a catastrophic failure of the primary datacenter. The Chief Information Officer (CIO) is concerned because this contract does not include a long-term strategy for extended outages. Which of the following should the CIO complete?

    A. Disaster recovery plan
    B. Business continuity plan
    C. Service level agreement
    D. First responder training

Correct Answer: B
Question #97 Topic 1

A typical cell tower will have microwave and cellular antennas. Which of the following network topologies do these represent? (Choose two.)

    A. Point-to-multipoint
    B. Bus
    C. Point-to-point
    D. Mesh
    E. Peer-peer
    F. Ring

Correct Answer: CD
Question #98 Topic 1

A network administrator has a monitoring system in place that is currently polling hundreds of network devices at regular intervals. The continuous polling is causing high CPU utilization on the server. Which of the following tasks should the administrator perform to resolve the CPU issue while maintaining full monitoring capabilities?

    A. Remove SNMP polling and configure SNMP traps on each network device
    B. Remove SNMP polling and implement snmpwalk on each network device
    C. Upgrade SNMP to the latest version to mitigate vulnerabilities
    D. Modify SNMP polling to poll only during business hours

Correct Answer: A
Question #99 Topic 1

A contractor is setting up and configuring conference rooms for a convention. The contractor sets up each room in the conference center to allow wired Internet access going to individual tables. The contractor measured the distance between the hotelג€™s patch panel to the jack, and the distance is within Cat 5e specifications. The contractor is concerned that the room will be out of specification if cables are run in each room from the wall jacks. Which of the following actions should the contractor take to ensure the cable runs meet specifications and the network functions properly?

    A. Place a switch at the hotelג€™s patch panel for connecting each roomג€™s cables
    B. Place a switch on each table to ensure strong connectivity
    C. Place repeaters between the patch panel and the rooms
    D. place a switch at the wall jack and run the cables in the room from there

Correct Answer: A
Question #100 Topic 1

Users are reporting their network is extremely slow. The technician discovers pings to external host have excessive response times. However, internal pings to printers and other PCs have acceptable response times. Which of the following steps should the technician take NEXT?

    A. Determine if any network equipment was replaced recently
    B. Verify malware has not disabled the usersג€™ PC firewalls
    C. Replace usersג€™ network cables with known-good network cables
    D. Power cycle the web server

Correct Answer: A
Question #101 Topic 1

Which of the following is a system of notation that uses base 16 rather than base 10?

    A. Hex
    B. Octal
    C. Binary
    D. CIDR

Correct Answer: A
Question #102 Topic 1

A network administrator would like to collect information from several networking devices using SNMP. Which of the following SNMP options should a network administrator use to ensure the data transferred is confidential?

    A. authpriv
    B. SHA
    C. MD5
    D. Authentication passphrase

Correct Answer: A
Question #103 Topic 1

The IT manager at a small firm is in the process of renegotiating an SLA with the organizationג€™s ISP. As part of the agreement, the organization will agree to a dynamic bandwidth plan to provide 150Mbps of bandwidth. However, if the ISP determines that a host on the organizationג€™s internal network produces malicious traffic, the ISP reserves the right to reduce available bandwidth to 1.5 Mbps. Which of the following policies is being agreed to in the SLA?

    A. Session hijacking
    B. Blocking
    C. Throttling
    D. Data usage limits
    E. Bandwidth quotas

Correct Answer: C
Question #104 Topic 1

A network technician has just configured NAC for connections using Cat 6 cables. However, none of the Windows clients can connect to the network.
Which of the following components should the technician check on the Windows workstations? (Choose two.)

    A. Start the Wired AutoConfig service in the Services console
    B. Enable IEEE 802.1q Authentication in Network Interface Card Properties
    C. Enable IEEE 802.1x Authentication in Network Interface Card Properties
    D. Start the Wireless AutoConfig service in the Services console
    E. Enable IEEE 802.3 Ethernet IPv6 in Network Interface Card Properties

Correct Answer: AC
Question #105 Topic 1

The security manager reports that individual systems involved in policy or security violations or incidents cannot be located quickly. The security manager notices the hostnames all appear to be randomly generated characters. Which of the following would BEST assist the security manager identifying systems involved in security incidents?

    A. Enforce port security to require system authentication
    B. Implement a standardized UNC
    C. Label existing systems with current hostnames
    D. Forward the DHCP logs to the security manager every day

Correct Answer: B
Question #106 Topic 1

A building is equipped with light sensors that turn off the fluorescent lights when natural light is above a certain brightness. Users report experiencing network connection issues only during certain hours. The west side of the building experiences connectivity issues in the morning hours and the east side near the end of the day. At night the connectivity issues affect the entire building. Which of the following could be the cause of the connectivity issues?

    A. Light sensors are interfering with the network
    B. EMI from the lights is interfering with the network cables
    C. Network wiring is run perpendicular to electrical conduit
    D. Temperature changes are causing attenuation in copper cabling

Correct Answer: C
Question #107 Topic 1

A network technician configures a firewallג€™s ACL to allow outgoing traffic for several popular services such as email and web browsing. However, after the firewallג€™s deployment, users are still unable to retrieve their emails. Which of the following would BEST resolve this issue?

    A. Allow the firewall to accept inbound traffic to ports 25, 67, 179, and 3389
    B. Allow the firewall to accept inbound traffic to ports 80, 110, 143, and 443
    C. Set the firewall to operate in transparent mode
    D. Allow the firewall to accept inbound traffic to ports 21, 53, 69, and 123

Correct Answer: B
Question #108 Topic 1

A network security technician observes multiple attempts to scan network hosts and devices. All the attempts originate from a single host on the network. Which of the following threats is MOST likely involved?

    A. Smurf attack
    B. Rogue AP
    C. Compromised system
    D. Unintentional DoS

Correct Answer: C
Question #109 Topic 1

Which of the following would be the MOST efficient subnet mask for a point-to-point link?

    A. /28
    B. /29
    C. /31
    D. /32

Correct Answer: C
Question #110 Topic 1

An office user cannot access local network drives but has full access to the Internet. A technician troubleshoots the issue and observes the following output of the ipconfig command:

Which of the following would MOST likely allow the network drives to be accessed?

    A. Update the WLAN adapter driver
    B. Disable the WLAN adapter
    C. Check the wireless DHCP configuration
    D. Disable the LAN adapter

Correct Answer: B
Question #111 Topic 1

Ann, a network technician, has just installed a fiber switch in a datacenter. To run the fiber cabling, Ann plans the cable route over the top of the rack using the cable trays, down to the switch, coiling up any excess cable. As Ann configures the switch, she notices several messages in the logging buffer stating the receive signal of the SFP is too weak. Which of the following is MOST likely the cause of the errors in the logging buffer?

    A. Bend radius exceeded
    B. Fiber cable mismatch
    C. Fiber type mismatch
    D. Bad fiber switch

Correct Answer: A
Question #112 Topic 1

Which of the following wireless connection types utilize MIMO on non-overlapping channels? (Choose two.)

    A. 802.11a
    B. 802.11ac
    C. 802.11b
    D. 802.11g
    E. 802.11n

Correct Answer: BE
Question #113 Topic 1

A network technician is creating a new subnet for 488 host machines. The technician is told to use a class B address scheme when making the subnet and is instructed to leave as much room as possible for additional subnets of the same size. Which of the following subnets would fulfill these requirements?

    A. 10.5.4.0/22
    B. 10.233.2.0/23
    C. 172.16.0.0/22
    D. 172.18.0.0/23
    E. 192.168.25.0/24

Correct Answer: D
Question #114 Topic 1

A network engineer is designing a new IDF in an old building. The engineer determines the equipment will fit in a two-post rack, and there is power available for this equipment. Which of the following would be the FIRST issue to remediate?

    A. Air flow and cooling
    B. UPS capability
    C. Circuit labeling
    D. Power redundancy

Correct Answer: A
Question #115 Topic 1

Which of the following DNS records needs to be configured for SMTP traffic?

    A. MX
    B. CNAME
    C. AAAA
    D. PTR

Correct Answer: A
Question #116 Topic 1

In which of the following ways does a DDoS attack differ from a spoofing attack?

    A. DDoS attacks target multiple networks
    B. Spoofing attacks originate from a single host
    C. DDoS attacks are launched from multiple hosts
    D. Spoofing attacks require physical presence

Correct Answer: C
Question #117 Topic 1

A user checks an IP address using an external website. The address is different than the one the user sees when opening a command prompt and typing in ipconfig/all. The user does not understand why the two tools show different IP addresses. This is BEST explained by the interworking of:

    A. network devices
    B. packet flow
    C. public/private networks
    D. traffic-routing protocols

Correct Answer: C
Question #118 Topic 1

Which of the following communication media can carry many voice, data, and video channels simultaneously over multiple frequencies?

    A. Broadband
    B. Baseband
    C. Analog modem
    D. CSMA

Correct Answer: A
Question #119 Topic 1

To replace a defective UPS, the network administrator must take the switch offline. The administrator wants to be able to perform maintenance UPS in the future without affecting the availability of the attached switch. Which of the following would BEST allow this to happen?

    A. Add a redundant power supply to the switch
    B. Implement stacking on the switches in the rack
    C. Add a second UPS into the rack
    D. Install a power converter for the switch

Correct Answer: A
Question #120 Topic 1

A forensic first responder arrives at the scene where an employee is suspected to have committed a computer-based crime. Which of the following should the first responder do FIRST?

    A. Document the scene
    B. Take pictures upon arrival
    C. Secure the area
    D. Implement chain of custody

Correct Answer: C
Question #121 Topic 1

A small town is attempting to attract tourists who visit larger nearby cities. A network engineer is asked to implement a network encompassing the five-block town center and nearby businesses. The inclusion of smartphones and portable devices is crucial to the plan. Which of the following is the network engineer being asked to implement?

    A. LAN
    B. PAN
    C. MAN
    D. WAN

Correct Answer: C
Question #122 Topic 1

An employee wishes to use a personal cell phone for work-related purposes, including storage of sensitive company data, during long business trips. Which of the following is needed to protect BOTH the employee and the company?

    A. An NDA ensuring work data stored on the personal phone remains confidential
    B. An AUP covering how a personal phone may be used for work matters
    C. A consent to monitoring policy covering company audits of the personal phone
    D. Real-time remote monitoring of the phoneג€™s activity and usage

Correct Answer: D
Question #123 Topic 1

Which of the following protocols can be both connection-oriented and connectionless?

    A. 20 FTP
    B. 53 DNS
    C. 67 DHCP
    D. 80 HTTP

Correct Answer: B
Question #124 Topic 1

Which of the following BEST describes the differences between VLAN hopping and session hijacking?

    A. VLAN hopping involves the unauthorized transition from one VLAN to another to gain additional access. Session hijacking involves overriding a userג€™s web connection to execute commands
    B. VLAN hopping is a brute force attack executed to gain additional access. Session hijacking involves physically disrupting a network connection
    C. VLAN hopping involves overriding a user network connection to execute malicious commands. Session hijacking involves compromising a host to elevate privileges
    D. VLAN hopping is the act of exploiting poor VLAN tagging. Session hijacking is a web-based attack aimed at privilege escalation

Correct Answer: A
Question #125 Topic 1

An analyst is developing a proof of concept of a wireless-based attack as part of a penetration test against an organizationג€™s network. As part of the attack, the analyst launches a fake access point matching the SSID of the organizationג€™s guest access network. When a user connects to the fake access point, the analyst allows the traffic to flow through the access point to the legitimate site while the data traversing the network is logged for latest analysis and exploitation. Which of the following attacks has the analyst successfully performed in this scenario?

    A. Bluesnarfing
    B. Session hijacking
    C. MAC spoofing
    D. VLAN hopping
    E. Man-in-the-middle

Correct Answer: E
Question #126 Topic 1

A network administrator receives a call from the sales department requesting ports 20 and 21 be opened on the companyג€™s firewall to allow customers to retrieve a large file. Which of the following should the administrator perform BEFORE making the needed changes? (Choose two.)

    A. Document the reason for the request
    B. Scan the file for malware to protect the sales departmentג€™s computers
    C. Follow the companyג€™s approval process for the implementation
    D. Install a TFTP server for the customers to use for the transfer
    E. Create a honeypot to store the file on for the customers to use
    F. Write the SLA for the sales department authorizing the change

Correct Answer: AC
Question #127 Topic 1

A user reports that a laptop cannot connect to the Internet despite the fact the wireless Internet was functioning on it yesterday. The user did not modify the laptop in any way, and the wireless Internet is functional on other usersג€™ laptops. Which of the following issues should be reviewed to help the user to connect to the wireless network?

    A. Wireless switch toggled off
    B. WAP settings
    C. WLAN IP address out of scope
    D. Wireless controller misconfiguration

Correct Answer: A
Question #128 Topic 1

A network administrator wants to increase the confidentiality of the system by hardening the authentication process. Currently, the users log in using usernames and passwords to access the system. Which of the following will increase the authentication factor to three?

    A. Adding a fingerprint reader to each workstation and providing a RSA authentication token
    B. Adding a fingerprint reader and retina scanner
    C. Using a smart card and RSA token
    D. Enforcing a stronger password policy and using a hand geometry scan

Correct Answer: A
Question #129 Topic 1

A network technician is building a network for a small office. The office currently has cable TV and now requires access to the Internet without adding any cabling other than what is already in place. Which of the following solutions should the technician install to meet these requirements?

    A. DOCSIS modem
    B. Wireless router
    C. DSL modem
    D. Access point

Correct Answer: A
Question #130 Topic 1

A network engineer arrives at work and discovers that many users are having problems when attempting to connect to the company network shared drives. The network operations center (NOC) technician just completed server upgrades the night before. To which of the following documents should the NOC technician refer to determine what potentially caused the connectivity problem?

    A. Network maps
    B. Cable management
    C. Release notes
    D. Change management

Correct Answer: D
Question #131 Topic 1

Which of the following VPN protocols establishes a secure session that can be initiated using a browser?

    A. IPSec
    B. SSL VPN
    C. PTP
    D. PPTP

Correct Answer: B
Question #132 Topic 1

A technician is setting up a public guest network for visitors to access the Internet that must be separate from the corporate network. Which of the following are the
BEST steps for the technician to take with minimum overhead configuration? (Choose two.)

    A. Enable SSID broadcasting to identify the guest network
    B. Configure visitor devices to use static IP addresses
    C. Enable two-factor authentication on visitor devices
    D. Configure the access point to use WPA2-AES encryption
    E. Ensure the access point is not running in mixed mode

Correct Answer: AB
Question #133 Topic 1

When choosing a type of storage that integrates with the existing network infrastructure, the storage must be easily configurable to share files and can communicate with all existing clients over TCP/IP. Which of the following is the BEST technology for the network administrator to implement?

    A. iSCSI
    B. Fibre Channel
    C. NAS
    D. DAS

Correct Answer: C
Question #134 Topic 1

A network technician is installing a new network switch is looking for an appropriate fiber optic patch cable. The fiber optic patch panel uses a twist-style connector. The switch uses a SFP module. Which of the following connector types should the fiber patch cable have?

    A. LC
    B. ST
    C. SC
    D. MTRJ
    E. MTP

Correct Answer: B
Question #135 Topic 1

Which of the following WAN technologies utilizes the concept of virtual circuits and point-multipoint connections?

    A. ISDN
    B. MPLS
    C. PRI
    D. Broadband cable
    E. Frame relay

Correct Answer: E
Question #136 Topic 1

A network administrator wishes to ensure there are no unnecessary open communication paths into a server. Using a port scanner, the administrator finds that ports are reported as closed. Which of the following BEST explains this response?

    A. The ports belong to an active system and are denying requests
    B. The ports are associated with deprecated services
    C. The ports do not belong to a live system
    D. The ports replied with a SYN/ACK response

Correct Answer: B
Question #137 Topic 1

Users are reporting issues with slow connection speeds and a loss of connectivity on the newly installed wireless network. The issues are intermittent but seem to occur most often around midday. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause?

    A. There is interference from small appliances
    B. The signal coverage area is too small
    C. Not enough DHCP addresses have been allotted
    D. The DNS cache on the usersג€™ computers has become corrupt

Correct Answer: C
Question #138 Topic 1

A user reports difficulties connecting a PC to a wired network. The PC connects to an IP phone, which is working correctly. A network technician can verify that other devices successfully connect to the phone. At which of the following layers of the OSI model is the problem MOST likely located?

    A. Network
    B. Physical
    C. Transport
    D. Application

Correct Answer: A
Question #139 Topic 1

Which of the following physical security controls is MOST likely to be susceptible to a false positive?

    A. Identification card
    B. Biometric device
    C. Proximity reader
    D. Video camera

Correct Answer: C
Question #140 Topic 1

An assistant systems analyst reports the following findings of an investigation of slow Internet connections in a remote office to the senior systems analyst:

Which of the following devices is causing the issue?

    A. Router
    B. Firewall
    C. Switch 1
    D. Switch 2

Correct Answer: B
Question #141 Topic 1

A small business developed an in-house application that is very sensitive to network latency when a communicating between servers. Due to a lack of funds, the business had to build its own network for workstations and servers. Now a network administrator must redesign the network due to performance issues with the application. Which of the following would be the MOST cost effective for the administrator to recommend?

    A. Create Ethernet VLANs
    B. Disable autonegotiation on the servers
    C. Install 10Gb Ethernet NICs in the servers
    D. Install Fibre Channel for the server network

Correct Answer: C
Question #142 Topic 1

A network technician is configuring a firewall access list to secure incoming connections to an email server. The internal address of this email server is
192.168.1.143. The firewall should allow external email servers to send email to the email server. The email server also supports client access via a web browser.
Only secure protocols should be used, and only the necessary ports should be open. Which of the following ACL rules should be configured in the firewallג€™s WAN port? (Choose two.)

    A. Permit 192.168.1.143.25
    B. Permit 192.168.1.143.80
    C. Permit 192.168.1.143.110
    D. Permit 192.168.1.143.143
    E. Permit 192.168.1.143.443
    F. Permit 192.168.1.143.587

Correct Answer: EF
Question #143 Topic 1

A network administrator is testing connectivity at a new corporate site. The site has a wireless guest as well as a wired employee network. After verifying connectivity, the administrator checks link speeds by using a speed testing website. The speed testing website shows lower download and upload speeds for the wired network than the wireless network. Which of the following is the MOST likely explanation?

    A. There is less local congestion on the wireless network
    B. The testing server for the wired network was farther away
    C. The firewall is configured to throttle traffic to specific websites
    D. The wireless access points were misconfigured

Correct Answer: B
Question #144 Topic 1

A technician replaces a failed router with a spare that has been in inventory for some time. After attempting to enable HTTPS on the spare router, the technician discovers the feature is unavailable. The support office was able to connect to the previous router. Which of the following actions should the technician perform to enable HTTPS access for the support team?

    A. Reboot the router
    B. Enable HTTP on the router
    C. Update the firmware of the spare router
    D. Perform a factory reset on the router

Correct Answer: C
Question #145 Topic 1

A technician is trying to configure a previously owned WAP. The technician successfully logs into the administrative console and attempts to input the IP address on the WAP. However, the WAP is not accepting the command. Which of the following is causing the problem?

    A. The WAP antenna is damaged
    B. The WAP transmitter light is dim
    C. The terminal emulation software is misconfigured
    D. The LWAPP image is installed on the WAP

Correct Answer: D
Question #146 Topic 1

DRAG DROP -
Your company recently purchased a new building down the street from the existing office.

INSTRUCTIONS -
For each of the tasks below, select the appropriate antenna type and encryption object for all wireless access point (AP).
1. Create an encrypted wireless connection between the two buildings that BEST controls signal propagation, while maximizing security.
2. Restrict the wireless signal generated by the access points (APs) inside Building 1, so that it minimizes broadcast beyond the building.
3. Maximize wireless coverage inside Building 1.
4. Building 1ג€™s internal wireless network is for visitors only and must not require any special configuration on the visitorג€™s device to connect.
If at any time you would like to bring back the initial state of the simulation, please click the Reset All button.
When you have completed the simulation, select the Done button to submit.
If you previously made any changes to the simulated environment for the question, those changes were saved and will be present when you continue.
Select and Place:

Correct Answer:
Question #147 Topic 1

A technician has installed a Linux server in the tax office. The server can access most of the resources on the network, but it cannot connect to another server that has a share for backup. The technician learns that the target server is on a different subnet. Which of the following tools should the technician use to ensure the
Linux server can reach the backup location?

    A. netstat
    B. traceroute
    C. route
    D. dig
    E. ifconfig

Correct Answer: B
Question #148 Topic 1

Which of the following WAN technologies provides a guaranteed throughput rate?

    A. DSL
    B. T-1
    C. Cable broadband
    D. Dial-up

Correct Answer: B
Question #149 Topic 1

Which of the following is the SHORTEST way to write 2001:0000:0d58:0000:0000:0095:7565:0001 in proper IPv6 shorthand?

    A. 2001::d58::95:7565:1
    B. 2001:0:d58:0:0:95:7565:1
    C. 2001:0:d58::95:7565:1
    D. 2001:0:0d58::95:7565:1

Correct Answer: C
Question #150 Topic 1

A network administrator needs to transmit traffic to geographically diverse sites to improve performance. Which of the following devices would BEST direct traffic to the remote sites?

    A. Hub
    B. Bridge
    C. Switch
    D. Router

Correct Answer: D
Question #151 Topic 1

Which of the following should a technician investigate when using a network baseline to troubleshoot?

    A. Tracing a network wire connectivity issue from the datacenter to a host.
    B. Determining if the server performance is degraded.
    C. Changes that have been made to the network configuration.
    D. Location of networking equipment in a rack.

Correct Answer: B
Question #152 Topic 1

A technician needs to upgrade a SOHO wireless routerג€™s firmware. The technician resets the router to factory settings and installs the new firmware. The technician enters the DHCP information and sets the SSID. Which of the following configurations would provide the MOST protection from advance hackers?

    A. Disable the broadcasting of the SSID.
    B. Enable WPA2 authentication for all hosts.
    C. Use private addressing for the DHCP scope.
    D. Install unidirectional antennas.

Correct Answer: B
Question #153 Topic 1

A technician notices clients are receiving a 169.254.x.x IP address following the upgrade of a server. Which of the following ports should the technician check on the local server firewall?

    A. ports 20 and 21
    B. ports 67 and 68
    C. ports 80 and 443
    D. port 123 and 8080

Correct Answer: B
Question #154 Topic 1

Which of the following datacenter security methodologies is MOST likely to remain usable during a network outage?

    A. biometric scanners
    B. door locks
    C. video surveillance
    D. motion detectors

Correct Answer: B
Question #155 Topic 1

A network technician is implementing a solution on the network to hide the workstation internal IP addresses across a WAN. Which of the following is the technician configuring?

    A. QoS
    B. DMZ
    C. RIP
    D. NAT

Correct Answer: D
Question #156 Topic 1

Employees want the ability to use personal devices on the guest network while working out at the company gym. In order to meet the request, which of the following policies requires employee adherence?

    A. AUP
    B. SLA
    C. NDA
    D. MOU

Correct Answer: A
Question #157 Topic 1

Which of the following BEST describes the BGP routing protocol?

    A. distance vector
    B. hybrid
    C. static
    D. link state

Correct Answer: B
Question #158 Topic 1

A customer is reporting difficulty connecting some devices after replacing a wireless router with a new wireless 802.11ac router. The SSID, encryption and password are the same as the previous router. A technician goes on-site and notices the devices that are no longer connecting appear to be several years ago.
Which of the following is MOST likely the problem?

    A. the password needs to be re-entered.
    B. there is a security type mismatch.
    C. there is insufficient antenna power.
    D. there is a frequency mismatch.
    E. the channel has changed.

Correct Answer: D
Question #159 Topic 1

Multiple users are reporting that they are unable to access the network. The ENTIRE network is shown in the diagram. PCs are not statically assigned IP addresses. The following devices will display settings:
✑ WorkstationA
✑ WorkstationB
✑ WorkstationC
✑ WorkstationD

WorkstationE -

✑ WorkstationF
✑ WorkstationG
✑ Laptop1
✑ Laptop2
✑ DHCP server1
✑ DHCP server2
Instructions:
Review the settings and select the box in the diagram that identifies the device causing the issue. Only one device can be selected at a time.
After checking the device that is causing the issue, select the second tab in the lower left hand corner. Identify the reason as to why some users are unable to access the network.
When the simulation is complete, select the Done button to submit.

Part 1 -













Part 2 -
Identify the reason as to why some users are unable to access the network.

    A. Workstation(s) are plugged into switch ports configured with half duplex.
    B. The site-to-site router was configured with the incorrect ACL.
    C. The DHCP server scope is full and is not providing IP addresses.
    D. WAN and LAN ports are reversed on the router.
    E. STP has disabled some of the ports on the switch.
    F. The NIC driver is not installed.
    G. A wireless client is unable to associate to the AP.

Correct Answer: G
Question #160 Topic 1

Which of the following should be performed to verify that unnecessary services are disabled on all switches in an environment?

    A. Packet capturing
    B. Port scanning
    C. Log scanning
    D. Baseline review

Correct Answer: B
Question #161 Topic 1

A technician is sent to a remote office to set up a device to connect to the Internet. The company standards document requires stateful inspection. Which of the following should the technician install?

    A. Router
    B. Multiplayer switch
    C. Firewall
    D. Bridge

Correct Answer: C
Question #162 Topic 1

A technician is assigned to secure a basic wireless network. Which of the following authentication protocols should the technician use to perform this task?
(Choose two.)

    A. RDP
    B. SNMP
    C. WPA2
    D. EAP
    E. SSL

Correct Answer: CD
Question #163 Topic 1

A technician is investigating the cause of a network outage. Which of the following documents should be checked to rule out configuration issues?

    A. Change management records
    B. Inventory management
    C. Network log files
    D. Logical diagrams

Correct Answer: A
Question #164 Topic 1

A junior network technician receives a help desk ticket from an end user who is having trouble accessing a web application that was working the previous day.
After talking with the end user and gathering information about the issue, which of the following would be the most likely course of action for the technician to perform NEXT?

    A. Establish a theory of probable cause.
    B. Escalate the ticket to a senior technician.
    C. Implement the solution.
    D. Document the findings and outcomes.

Correct Answer: A
Question #165 Topic 1

A system administrator receives reports from users of odd behavior in regard to a recently installed server. While reviewing the server network configuration, the systems administrator does both a forward and a reverse DNS lookup on the host, along with the network adapter configuration.

Which of the following is the problem identified in the output above?

    A. There is no reverse DNS entry for this host.
    B. The server IP address is incorrectly configured.
    C. The DNS lookup entry is incorrectly configured.
    D. The reverse DNS entry is pointing to a different host.

Correct Answer: C
Question #166 Topic 1

A network technician at a small office upgrades the LAN switch. After the upgrade, a user reports being unable to access network resources. When the technician checks the switchport, the LED light is not lit. Which of the following should the technician check FIRST?

    A. The device is using the correct cable type.
    B. The switchport is functioning properly.
    C. The device is connected to the switch.
    D. The switch is connected to the router.

Correct Answer: C
Question #167 Topic 1

A network administrator wants to employ a username and password authentication system for guest WiFi. Which of the following is the BEST option to provide this type of authentication?

    A. Port security
    B. MAC filtering
    C. Network access control
    D. Captive portal

Correct Answer: D
Question #168 Topic 1

A technician is responsible for configuring a new firewall. The hardware team has already installed, powered, and connected the system. Which of the following types of documentation should the technician utilize to complete the task?

    A. Rack diagram
    B. IDF/MDF documentation
    C. Network performance baseline
    D. Logical and physical diagrams

Correct Answer: D
Question #169 Topic 1

Which of the following storage network technologies inherently leverages block-level storage?

    A. NAS
    B. SAN
    C. FCoE
    D. iSCSI
    E. FTP

Correct Answer: B
Question #170 Topic 1

Which of the following networking devices operates at Layer1?

    A. Router
    B. Firewall
    C. Hub
    D. Bridge

Correct Answer: C
Question #171 Topic 1

A disgruntled employee decides to leak critical information about a companyג€™s new product. The employee places keyloggers on the departmentג€™s computers, allowing the information to be sent out to the Internet. Which of the following attacks is occurring?

    A. Man-in-the-middle
    B. Logic bomb
    C. Insider threat
    D. Social engineering

Correct Answer: C
Question #172 Topic 1

A network technician needs to set up an access method for Ann, a manager, to work from home. Ann needs to locally mapped corporate resources to perform her job. Which of the following would provide secure access to the corporate resources?

    A. Utilize an SSH connection to the corporate server.
    B. Use TFTP to transfer files to corporate resources.
    C. Allow RDP through an external firewall.
    D. Connect utilizing client-to-site VPN.

Correct Answer: D
Question #173 Topic 1

Which of the following DNS record types is an alias?

    A. CNAME
    B. PTR
    C. NS
    D. SRV

Correct Answer: A
Question #174 Topic 1

A recently constructed building makes use of glass and natural light. Users in the building are reporting poor cellular connectivity and speeds. Which of the following is MOST likely the cause?

    A. Absorption
    B. Channel overlap
    C. Reflection
    D. Frequency mismatch

Correct Answer: C
Question #175 Topic 1

A network technician is working on a new switch implementation to expand the network. Which of the following is the BEST option to ensure the implementation goes according to business requirements?

    A. AUP
    B. NDA
    C. SOP
    D. SLA

Correct Answer: C
Question #176 Topic 1

A technician is utilizing SNMPv3 to monitor network statistics. Which of the following actions would occur immediately of a serverג€™s utilization spikes above the prescribed value?

    A. A trap message is sent via UDP to the monitoring workstation.
    B. The SET function pushes an alert to the MIB database.
    C. The object identifier is modified and reported during the next monitoring cycle.
    D. A response message is sent from the agent to the manager.

Correct Answer: A
Question #177 Topic 1

In which of the following scenarios should a technician use a cross-over cable to provide connectivity?

    A. PC to switch
    B. Switch to AP
    C. Router to switch
    D. Router to modem
    E. PC to PC

Correct Answer: E
Question #178 Topic 1

802.11n clients currently have no way to connect to the network. Which of the following devices should be implemented to let the clients connect?

    A. Router
    B. Range extender
    C. VoIP endpoint
    D. Access point

Correct Answer: D
Question #179 Topic 1

A network technician is setting up a new router. Since it is exposed to the public, which of the following are the BEST steps the technician should take when setting up this device? (Choose two.)

    A. Disable unnecessary services.
    B. Use private IP addresses.
    C. Allow remote management access.
    D. Disable the console port.
    E. Enable encryption.
    F. Upgrade to the latest firmware.

Correct Answer: AF
Question #180 Topic 1

A network technician is configuring user access to a VPN concentrator and has been advised to use a protocol that supports encryption over UDP. Which of the following protocols has the technician MOST likely configured for client use?

    A. TFTP
    B. DTLS
    C. DNS
    D. SNMP

Correct Answer: B
Question #181 Topic 1

A switch has detected duplicate broadcast messages sourced from a second port. The broadcasts continue to be transmitted and duplicated until the amount of traffic causes severe performance issues. Which of the following should be configured to prevent this behavior?

    A. BPDU guard
    B. DHCP snooping
    C. ARP protection
    D. Spanning tree

Correct Answer: D
Question #182 Topic 1

A Chief Information Officer (CIO) is concentrated about an attacker gaining administrative access to the companyג€™s network devices. Which of the following is the
MOST secure way to prevent this?

    A. ACL allowing only HTTP
    B. ACL allowing only Telnet
    C. Out-of-band modem
    D. Out-of-band console router

Correct Answer: D
Question #183 Topic 1

The Chief Executive Officerג€™s (CEOג€™s) tablet cannot connect to the wireless network from the corner office. A network technician verified the tablet can connect to the wireless network in other areas of the building. The distance between the office and the 802.11ac WAP is 150ft (46m), and there are a few cubicles in between. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of the tablet not connecting?

    A. Absorption
    B. Reflection
    C. Distance
    D. Refraction
    E. Attenuation

Correct Answer: C
Question #184 Topic 1

A company has two geographically separate locations that need to connect using a VPN. Which of the following devices must be specifically configured to allow
VPN traffic into the network?

    A. Firewall
    B. Switch
    C. Router
    D. Modem

Correct Answer: A
Question #185 Topic 1

A technician is working on a new machine that has been procured for testing and development. The machine will run a hypervisor and host several operating systems of various types so the development team can test the companyג€™s applications in a variety of environments. The technician wants the virtual machines to be available to communicate with each other without leaving the hypervisor. Which of the following is the BEST solution to the problem?

    A. The technician should connect the machine to its own separate switch.
    B. The technician should add a route in each virtual machine to the default gateway.
    C. The technician should configure a virtual switch.
    D. The technician should set up individual routes between the machines.

Correct Answer: C
Question #186 Topic 1

A network technician is repurposing a switch that has been in storage for some time. The device has been wiped to factory defaults. Which of the following should be done FIRST to ensure the device has been hardened before configuration?

    A. Generate new keys.
    B. Disable unused ports.
    C. Check for updated firmware.
    D. Configure the default VLAN.

Correct Answer: C
Question #187 Topic 1

A technician is setting up a wireless access point in a coffee shop. The shop is not concerned with security but only wants to allow customers to have access.
Which of the following configurations should the technician deploy?

    A. Use a pre-shared key.
    B. Set up EAP.
    C. Configure RADIUS.
    D. Configure MAC filtering.

Correct Answer: A
Question #188 Topic 1

A network administrator is assigned to run and connect a Cat 6e Ethernet cable between two nodes in a datacenter. Which of the following connector types should the network administrator use to terminate this cable?

    A. DB-9
    B. RS-232
    C. DB-25
    D. RJ-45

Correct Answer: D
Question #189 Topic 1

Management has requested that services be available within 72 hours of a disaster. Budget is a major concern. A contract is signed with a company that has plenty of space, and the technician will have the option of putting infrastructure equipment in place. Which of the following BEST describes this business continuity strategy?

    A. Cold site
    B. Differential backup
    C. Hot site
    D. Incremental backup
    E. Warm site
    F. Full backup

Correct Answer: A
Question #190 Topic 1

A network technician is planning to update the firmware on a router on the network. The technician has downloaded the file from the vendorג€™s website. Before installing the firmware update, which of the following steps should the technician perform to ensure file integrity?

    A. Perform antivirus and anti-malware scans of the file.
    B. Perform a hash on the file for comparison with the vendorג€™s hash.
    C. Download the file a second time and compare the version numbers.
    D. Compare the hash of the file to the previous firmware update.

Correct Answer: B
Question #191 Topic 1

A network technician performs a wireless site survey at a company building and identifies that the cafeteria is not covered by a wireless signal. The cafeteria is located in a medium-size, square-shaped room. Which of the following types of WAP antenna should the technician install in the center of the cafeteria to provide the BEST coverage?

    A. Unidirectional
    B. Parabolic
    C. Omnidirectional
    D. Yagi

Correct Answer: C
Question #192 Topic 1

An entire enterprise cannot access a specific website. The network technician knows the website was accessible last week. The technician can also ping the website. Which of the following is the technician MOST likely to find upon investigation?

    A. The firewall is misconfigured.
    B. The network is being hit by a zero-day attack.
    C. The SSL certificate is untrusted.
    D. The SSL certificate has expired.

Correct Answer: D
Question #193 Topic 1

At which of the following OSI model layers would a router operate?

    A. Physical
    B. Network
    C. Transport
    D. Data link

Correct Answer: B
Question #194 Topic 1

Which of the following are DNS record types? (Choose three.)

    A. CNAME
    B. NTP
    C. PTR
    D. LDAP
    E. DHCP
    F. TTL
    G. SRV
    H. SSH

Correct Answer: ACG
Question #195 Topic 1

Which of the following backup techniques is used to capture all the data that has changed since the last full backup?

    A. Incremental
    B. Replica
    C. Differential
    D. Snapshot

Correct Answer: C
Question #196 Topic 1

A network administrator frequently needs to assist users with troubleshooting network hardware remotely, but the users are non-technical and unfamiliar with network devices. Which of the following would BEST help the administrator and users during hands-on troubleshooting?

    A. Logical diagrams
    B. MDF documentation
    C. Equipment labeling
    D. Standard operating procedures

Correct Answer: D
Question #197 Topic 1

A technician is observing brownout issues at a smaller office. At least once a week, the edge switch power cycles. Which of the following should the technician do to resolve the issue?

    A. Install a new switch
    B. Install a UPS
    C. Replace the switch uplink cable.
    D. Install a new electrical circuit.

Correct Answer: B
Question #198 Topic 1

A technician is troubleshooting a workstationג€™s network connectivity and wants to confirm which switchport corresponds to the wall jack the PC is using. Which of the following concepts would BEST help the technician?

    A. Consistent labeling
    B. Change management
    C. Standard work instructions
    D. Inventory management
    E. Network baseline

Correct Answer: A
Question #199 Topic 1

Under which of the following layers of the OSI model do ATM cells operate?

    A. Data link
    B. Network
    C. Session
    D. Transport
    E. Presentation

Correct Answer: A
Question #200 Topic 1

A new building needs to be joined to an existing network, but management has decided that running fiber is too expensive. Since the buildings are about 1000ft
(305m) apart, the IT department has been asked to propose alternatives. Which of the following is the BEST device to add to each building to facilitate the extension of the network while meeting budgetary demands?

    A. Switch
    B. Router
    C. Media converter
    D. PRP wireless

Correct Answer: D
Question #201 Topic 1

A junior network technician is working in the field and needs to connect to the companyג€™s remote server, however, doing so will require the junior technician to use the public Internet. Because security is a concern, which of the following is the BEST method to use?

    A. Telnet
    B. SSH
    C. SFTP
    D. VNC

Correct Answer: B
Question #202 Topic 1

A home user has purchased a new smart TV to stream online video services. The smart TV is unable to connect to the wireless network after several attempts.
After returning from vacation, the home user tries again and can connect the TV to the wireless network. However, the user notices a laptop is no longer able to connect to the network. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause?

    A. The DHCP scope has been exhausted.
    B. The security passcode has been changed.
    C. The SSID is hidden.
    D. The AP configuration was reset.

Correct Answer: A
Question #203 Topic 1

A security guard notices an authorized individual, who is dressed like a lab technician, has entered a secure area of the hospital with a large group. Which of the following security attacks is taking place?

    A. Evil twin
    B. Social engineering
    C. Insider threat
    D. Phishing

Correct Answer: C
Question #204 Topic 1

Which of the following DNS record types allows IPv6 records to be resolved to DNS names?

    A. PTR
    B. A
    C. AAAA
    D. SRV

Correct Answer: C
Question #205 Topic 1

A network technician has recently installed new VoIP phones at all employeeג€™s desks to support a new SIP cloud VoIP solution. However, the technician is unable to make a call from the device after testing. Which of the following should the technician verify? (Choose two.)

    A. TCP 443 is allowed.
    B. UDP 1720 is allowed.
    C. UDP 5060 is allowed.
    D. UDP 5061 is allowed.
    E. TCP 8080 is allowed.
    F. TCP 8181 is allowed.

Correct Answer: CD
Question #206 Topic 1

Which of the following would allow a network technician to access files on a remote system? (Choose two.)

    A. FTP
    B. TFTP
    C. VLSM
    D. SIP
    E. SMTP
    F. IMAP

Correct Answer: AB
Question #207 Topic 1

Which of the following provides two-factor authentication?

    A. Username + password
    B. Smart card + PIN
    C. Fingerprint + retina scan
    D. Key fob + ID card

Correct Answer: B
Question #208 Topic 1

A technician set up a new SOHO network recently. The installed router has four Ethernet ports, however, the customer has seven devices that need wired connections. Which of the following should the technician do to BEST meet the customerג€™s requirements?

    A. Install a six-port switch.
    B. Configure port forwarding on the router.
    C. Install WAPs near the devices.
    D. Configure the switchports as EtherChannel ports.

Correct Answer: A
Question #209 Topic 1

A technician is performing a maintenance task on a weekly basis and wants to ensure the task is properly documented and able to be performed by other technicians. Which of the following types of documentation should the technician complete?

    A. Standard operating procedure
    B. Work order
    C. Performance baseline
    D. Logical diagram
    E. Change management

Correct Answer: A
Question #210 Topic 1

A company is allowing its employees to use their personal computers, tablets, and IoT devices while at work. However, there are rules and guidelines to which employees must adhere. Which of the following documents applies to these employees?

    A. NDA
    B. SOP
    C. BYOD
    D. SLA

Correct Answer: C
Question #211 Topic 1

Which of the following are characteristics of jumbo frames? (Choose two.)

    A. Commonly used on SAN
    B. MTU size greater than 1500
    C. MTU size greater than 10000
    D. Commonly used on IaaS
    E. MTU size greater than 12000

Correct Answer: AB
Question #212 Topic 1

A network administrator gets a call regarding intermittent network outages across the country. Which of the following should be used to connect to the network so the administrator can troubleshoot this issue from home? (Choose two.)

    A. FTP
    B. SMTP
    C. VPN
    D. SSH
    E. SNMP

Correct Answer: CD
Question #213 Topic 1

A network technician downloaded new firmware for the company firewall. Which of the following should the network technician verify to ensure the downloaded file is correct and complete?

    A. File hash
    B. File date
    C. File type
    D. File size

Correct Answer: A
Question #214 Topic 1

A technician is troubleshooting network connectivity issues with a remote host. Which of the following tools would BEST inform the technician of nodes between the client and the remote host? (Choose two.)

    A. tracert
    B. ping
    C. tcpdump
    D. pathping
    E. netstat
    F. nslookup
    G. route

Correct Answer: AD
Question #215 Topic 1

Which of the following will listen on the line to ensure there is no traffic transmitting and implement a back-off timer if a collision occurs?

    A. CSMA/CD
    B. CSMA/CA
    C. MPLS
    D. OSPF

Correct Answer: A
Question #216 Topic 1

A network technician receives a call from a branch office about a problem with its wireless connectivity. The user states the office is hosting a large meeting that includes some online training with local businesses. The guest users have all brought devices to connect to the guest network at the branch office. All users are connected to a single WAP and are reporting that connections keep dropping and network spends are unusable. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of this issue?

    A. DHCP exhaustion
    B. Channel overlapping
    C. Interference
    D. Overcapacity

Correct Answer: D
Question #217 Topic 1

Which of the following BEST describes an exploit?

    A. A router with default credentials
    B. An open mail relay server
    C. An SNMPv1 private community
    D. A privilege escalation script

Correct Answer: D
Question #218 Topic 1

A server in a LAN was configured to act as a gateway between all company computers and an external network. Which of the following networking devices offers the ability to increase both performance and security?

    A. Load balancer
    B. IDS
    C. Proxy server
    D. Wireless controller

Correct Answer: C
Question #219 Topic 1

A technician is setting up VoIP phones on a wireless network. Users report that calls are choppy and sometimes dropped. The technician has measured two characteristics using simple command-line tools that verify the problem. Which of the following characteristics did the technician measure? (Choose two.)

    A. Reflection
    B. Latency
    C. Interference
    D. Packet loss
    E. Signal-to-noise ratio
    F. Attenuation

Correct Answer: BD
Question #220 Topic 1

Which of the following ports should a network technician open on a firewall to back up the configuration and operating system files of a router to a remote server using the FASTEST method possible?

    A. UDP port 22
    B. TCP port 22
    C. TCP port 25
    D. UDP port 53
    E. UDP port 69

Correct Answer: E
Question #221 Topic 1

A technician is replacing a failed SOHO router for a customer who has an existing switch, cable modem, and static IP address. The user has a web server that faces the Internet so users can visit and leave comments. Which of the following BEST describes the correct configuration for this customerג€™s requirements?

    A. The modem is placed in bridge mode, the router is placed behind the modem, and the web server is placed behind the router.
    B. The router is placed in bridge mode, the modem is placed behind the router, and the web server is placed behind the modem.
    C. The web server is placed in bridge mode, the router is placed behind the web server, and the modem is placed behind the router.
    D. The switch is placed in bridge mode, the modem is placed behind the router, and the router is placed behind the modem.

Correct Answer: A
Question #222 Topic 1

A network technician is attempting to troubleshoot a connectivity issue. The issue is only reported during the evening hours, and only a single workstation loses connectivity. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of the issue?

    A. The router has a time-based ACL, applied for the network segment.
    B. A light source is creating EMI interference, affecting the UTP cabling.
    C. Nightly backups are consuming excessive bandwidth.
    D. The user has violated the AUP, and Internet access has been restricted.

Correct Answer: D
Question #223 Topic 1

A network administrator is redesigning network security after an attack. During the attack, an attacker used open cubicle locations to attach devices to the network. The administrator wants to be able to monitor future attacks in a safe environment and determine the method of attack. Which of the following should the administrator do to BEST meet this requirement?

    A. Create a VLAN for the unused ports and create a honeyspot on the VLAN.
    B. Install a BPDU guard on switchports and enable STP.
    C. Create a DMZ for public servers and secure a segment for the internal network.
    D. Install antivirus software and set an ACL on the servers.

Correct Answer: A
Question #224 Topic 1

A company has just refreshed the hardware in its datacenter with new 10G Ethernet switches. A technician wishes to set up a new storage area network but must use existing infrastructure. Which of the following storage standards should the technician use?

    A. iSCSI
    B. Fibre Channel
    C. NAS
    D. InfiniBand

Correct Answer: C
Question #225 Topic 1

A network technician needs to install a new access switch. After installing the new switch, the technician begins to move connections from the old switch to the new switch. The old switch used a GBIC with SC connectors, and the new switch uses an SFP with LC connectors. After connecting the SC connector to the SC- to-LC adapter and plugging it into the switch, the link does not come up as expected. Which of the following should a network technician perform NEXT?

    A. Replace SFP with a new one.
    B. Fall back to the old switch.
    C. Transpose the fiber pairs.
    D. Replace multimode with single-mode cable.

Correct Answer: C
Question #226 Topic 1

A network technician is installing a new SOHO branch office that requires the use of a DOCSIS-compatible modem. The modem needs to be connected to the
ISPג€™s network at the demarc. Which of the following cable types should be used?

    A. UTP
    B. Multimode
    C. Coaxial
    D. Serial

Correct Answer: C
Question #227 Topic 1

A technician needs to order cable that meets 10GBaseT and fire safety requirements for an installation between a drop ceiling and a standard ceiling. Which of the following should the technician order to ensure compliance with the requirements?

    A. PVC Cat 5
    B. Plenum Cat 5e
    C. Plenum Cat 6a
    D. PVC Cat 7

Correct Answer: C
Question #228 Topic 1

Which of the following physical security devices is used to detect unauthorized server room access?

    A. Access badge
    B. Biometrics
    C. Smart card
    D. Video surveillance

Correct Answer: D
Question #229 Topic 1

A network technician recently installed a new server on a network. The technician must ensure the server does not have any unnecessary services running. The
IP address of the server is 204.211.38.50. Which of the following commands would allow the technician to make this determination?

    A. nmap
    B. pathping
    C. route
    D. nslookup

Correct Answer: A
Question #230 Topic 1

Joe, an employee at a large regional bank, wants to receive company email on his personal smartphone and tablet. To authenticate on the mail server, he must first install a custom security application on those mobile devices. Which of the following policies would BEST enforce this requirement?

    A. Incident response policy
    B. BYOD policy
    C. DLP policy
    D. Remote access policy

Correct Answer: B
Question #231 Topic 1

A technician is allocating the IP address space needed for a new remote office. This office will contain the engineering staff with six employees and the digital marketing staff with 55 employees. The technician has decided to allocate the 192.168.1.0/24 block to the remote office. The engineering staff has been allocated the 192.168.1.64/29 subnet. Using the LEAST amount of space possible, which of the following would be the last usable IP address in the engineering subnet?

    A. 192.168.1.62
    B. 192.168.1.63
    C. 192.168.1.70
    D. 192.168.1.71

Correct Answer: C
Question #232 Topic 1

An administrator is troubleshooting a userג€™s intermittent wireless connectivity issue. Other users across the hallway can connect and use the wireless network properly. Upon inspection of the connection details, the administrator finds the following:

Which of the following is MOST likely the cause of the poor wireless connection?

    A. Channel overlap
    B. Overcapacity
    C. Incorrect antenna type
    D. Latency

Correct Answer: C
Question #233 Topic 1

A VoIP system will require 23 concurrent voice channels and one signaling channel. Which of the following types of WAN service would provide the BEST connectivity to the PSTN?

    A. PRI
    B. BRI
    C. E1/E3
    D. DSL

Correct Answer: A
Question #234 Topic 1

A network administrator is going to be performing a major upgrade to the network. Which of the following should the administrator use in case of a failure?

    A. Baseline report
    B. Vulnerability report
    C. Rollback plan
    D. Business continuity plan

Correct Answer: C
Question #235 Topic 1

A web application is unable to authenticate customers so they can access their bills. The server administrator has tested the LDAP query but is not receiving results. Which of the following is the NEXT step the server administrator should take to correct the problem?

    A. Check port 636 to see if it is being blocked.
    B. Change service port 636 to port 389.
    C. Restart the web server.
    D. Verify the browser is using port 443.

Correct Answer: A
Question #236 Topic 1

Which of the following is networking stand-alone hardware that will permit any WiFi-compliant device to connect to a wired network?

    A. Wireless hub
    B. Wireless firewall
    C. Wireless access point
    D. Wireless bridge

Correct Answer: C
Question #237 Topic 1

Which of the following devices are MOST often responsible for 802.1q tagging? (Choose two.)

    A. Switch
    B. Router
    C. IDS
    D. Hub
    E. IPS
    F. Network tap

Correct Answer: AB
Question #238 Topic 1

A network technician is installing a new wireless network in a small office. Due to environmental concerns, the customer wants the network to run exclusively on the 5GHz frequency. Which of the following wireless technologies should the technician install to BEST meet this requirement? (Choose two.)

    A. 802.11ac
    B. 802.11b
    C. 802.11g
    D. 802.11n
    E. Bluetooth
    F. Z-Wave

Correct Answer: AD
Question #239 Topic 1

Which of the following concepts would BEST describe when a company chooses to use a third-party vendor to host and administer a critical application?

    A. SaaS
    B. IaaS
    C. PaaS
    D. CASB

Correct Answer: C
Question #240 Topic 1

A content filter is set to analyze XML and JSON that users access from the Internet. At which of the following layers is this analysis taking place?

    A. 1
    B. 3
    C. 5
    D. 7
    E. 6

Correct Answer: E
Question #241 Topic 1

Ann, a new employee within a department, cannot print to any of the printers in the department or access any of the resources that others can. However, she can access the Internet. The network engineer has confirmed that Annג€™s account has been set up the same as the others. There are no access lists restricting Annג€™s access. Which of the following could be the issue for this lack of access?

    A. Duplex/speed mismatch
    B. VLAN mismatch
    C. DNS server issue
    D. DHCP server issue
    E. Spanning tree blocked ports

Correct Answer: B
Question #242 Topic 1

A technician is configuring a printer for a client. The technician connects the printer to the network, but is unsure how to determine its switchport. Which of the following should the technician do FIRST to locate the switchport?

    A. Perform a DNS lookup on the server.
    B. Set up an SSH session to the desktop.
    C. Reference the ARP table in the router.
    D. Configure port security on the switch.

Correct Answer: C
Question #243 Topic 1

A router is set up to utilize RIPv2 to route traffic throughout the network. Which of the following routing metrics is used to determine the path?

    A. Distance
    B. Bandwidth
    C. Speed
    D. Hop count

Correct Answer: D
Question #244 Topic 1

A second router was installed on a network to be used as a backup for the primary router that works as a gateway. The infrastructure team does not want to change the IP address of the gateway on the devices. Which of the following network components should be used in this scenario?

    A. Loopback IP
    B. Virtual IP
    C. Reserved IP
    D. Public IP

Correct Answer: B
Question #245 Topic 1

Which of the following can be done to implement network device hardening? (Choose two.)

    A. Implement spanning tree
    B. Perform VLAN hopping
    C. Patch and update
    D. Perform backups
    E. Enable port mirroring
    F. Change default admin password

Correct Answer: CF
Question #246 Topic 1

A critical vulnerability is discovered on a network device. The vendor states it has already patched this vulnerability in its current release. Which of the following actions should an administrator take?

    A. Change the default password
    B. Use a firewall in front of the device.
    C. Update the firmware.
    D. Upgrade the configuration.

Correct Answer: C
Question #247 Topic 1

A technician has been alerted of incoming HTTP traffic on the LAN segment that should not contain any web servers. The technician has the IP address of the destination host and wants to determine if the socket for HTTP is open. Which of the following should the technician perform?

    A. Baseline assessment
    B. Packet analysis
    C. Port scan
    D. Patch-level assessment

Correct Answer: C
Question #248 Topic 1

Which of the following creates a secure remote connection at the OSI network layer?

    A. L2TP
    B. SSL
    C. DTLS
    D. IPSec

Correct Answer: D
Question #249 Topic 1

A network technician has salvaged several Ethernet cables from a datacenter. The technician attempts to use the cables to connect desktops to the network without success. Which of the following is MOST likely the issue?

    A. The cables have an incorrect pin-out.
    B. The cables are UTP instead of STP.
    C. The cables are Cat 6 instead of Cat 5.
    D. The cables are not plenum rated.

Correct Answer: A
Question #250 Topic 1

A company decides to deploy customer-facing, touch-screen kiosks. The kiosks appear to have several open source service ports that could potentially become compromised. Which of the following is the MOST effective way to protect the kiosks?

    A. Install an IDS to monitor all traffic to and from the kiosks.
    B. Install honeypots on the network to detect and analyze potential kiosk attacks before they occur.
    C. Enable switchport security on the ports to which the kiosks are connected to prevent network-level attacks.
    D. Create a new network segment with ACLs, limiting kiosksג€™ traffic with the internal network.

Correct Answer: D
Question #251 Topic 1

While working on a Linux-based OS, a technician experiences an issue accessing some servers and some sites by name. Which of the following command-line tools should the technician use to assist in troubleshooting?

    A. dig
    B. iptables
    C. ifconfig
    D. traceroute

Correct Answer: A
Question #252 Topic 1

A network administrator has had difficulty keeping track of IP address assignments on networking devices and clients recently. Which of the following is the BEST technology to aid in this scenario?

    A. DNS
    B. DHCP
    C. IPAM
    D. NTP

Correct Answer: C
Question #253 Topic 1

A technician is surveying a collegeג€™s network equipment rooms and connectivity. Which of the following types of documentation does the technician need to perform a detailed site survey? (Choose three.)

    A. IDF/MDF documentation.
    B. Cable run label documentation.
    C. Network configuration documentation.
    D. Performance baseline documentation.
    E. Standard operating procedure documentation.
    F. Change management documentation.
    G. Rack diagram documentation.

Correct Answer: ACG
Question #254 Topic 1

A technician is connecting a PC to a switchport. At the wiring closet, the technician is unable to identify which cable goes from patch panel A connected to the switch to patch panel B connected to the PC. Which of the following tools should the technician use to resolve the issue?

    A. Cable tester
    B. Multimeter
    C. Tone generator
    D. OTDR

Correct Answer: C
Question #255 Topic 1

A technician wants to deploy a network that will require wireless client devices to prompt for a username and password before granting access to the wireless network. Which of the following must be configured to implement this solution?

    A. EAP-PEAP
    B. CCMP-AES
    C. WPA2-PSK
    D. TKIP-RC4

Correct Answer: A
Question #256 Topic 1

Which of the following protocols are classified as connectionless? (Choose two.)

    A. TFTP
    B. FTP
    C. HTTP
    D. SNMP
    E. SSH
    F. IMAP

Correct Answer: AD
Question #257 Topic 1

Users in a school lab are reporting slow connections to the servers and the Internet. Other users in the school have no issues. The lab has 25 computers and is connected with a single 1Gb Ethernet connection on Cat 5e wiring to an unmanaged switch. There are also three spare Cat 5e cable runs, which are not in use.
The school wants to double the connection speed between the lab and the servers without running new cables. Which of the following would be the BEST solution?

    A. Plug in a second spare cable at each end to double the speed.
    B. Replace the switches with ones that utilize port bonding and use the spare cables.
    C. Replace the switches with 10Gb switches and utilize the existing cabling.
    D. Plug in a second cable and set one port to TX and one port to RX.

Correct Answer: B
Question #258 Topic 1

A technician is downloading an ISO from a vendorג€™s website. To ensure the integrity of the download, which of the following should be verified?

    A. File size
    B. Vendor URL
    C. File hashing
    D. Encryption

Correct Answer: C
Question #259 Topic 1

An administrator wants to implement an additional authentication factor to the remote SSH servers. Which of the following accomplishes this goal with the principle of ג€something you haveג€?

    A. Certificate
    B. Pattern
    C. Password
    D. Fingerprint

Correct Answer: A
Question #260 Topic 1

A junior technician is setting up a voice control device so the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) will be able to control various things in the office. Of which of the following types of IoT technologies is this an example?

    A. LAN
    B. WAN
    C. SAN
    D. PAN

Correct Answer: D
Question #261 Topic 1

Users on a LAN segment are reporting a loss of connectivity to network services. The client PCs have been assigned with 169.254.X.X IP addresses. Which of the following IP address schemas is being utilized?

    A. Private IP
    B. Static IP
    C. APIPA
    D. Loopback

Correct Answer: C
Question #262 Topic 1

A network administrator has created a new VLAN for the server and clients within the accounting department and wants to outline how it integrates with the existing network. Which of the following should the administrator create?

    A. Logical diagram
    B. Physical diagram
    C. Rack diagram
    D. Configuration diagram

Correct Answer: A
Question #263 Topic 1

Which of the following would indicate that a circuit speed should be increased?

    A. Low latency
    B. Low bandwidth consumption
    C. High number of SIEM alerts
    D. High packet drops

Correct Answer: D
Question #264 Topic 1

A technician has installed an older IP camera as a temporary replacement for a recently failed newer one. The technician notices that when the cameraג€™s video stream is off, the ping roundtrip time between the camera and the network DVR is consistently less than 1ms without dropped packets. When the camera video stream is turned on, the ping roundtrip time increases dramatically, and network communication is slow and inconsistent. Which of the following is MOST likely the issue in this scenario?

    A. VLAN mismatch
    B. Duplex mismatch
    C. Cat 6 RX/TX reversed
    D. Damaged cable

Correct Answer: B
Question #265 Topic 1

Wireless users have been experiencing connectivity problems. Investigation shows neighboring wireless appliances, which are not connected to the network, have been on the same 5GHz frequency to communicate. Which of the following wireless performance problem concepts defines this issue?

    A. Interference
    B. Distance limitation
    C. Signal-to-noise ratio
    D. Absorption

Correct Answer: A
Question #266 Topic 1

Which of the following BEST explains the purpose of signature management as a mitigation technique?

    A. Hardening devices
    B. Segmenting the network
    C. Detecting malicious activity
    D. Restricting user credentials

Correct Answer: C
Question #267 Topic 1

A network technician installs a web server on the firewall. Which of the following methods should the technician implement to allow access to outside users without giving access to the inside network?

    A. VLAN
    B. DMZ
    C. SNMP
    D. NTP

Correct Answer: B
Question #268 Topic 1

A Chief Information Officer (CIO) tasks the network engineer with protecting the network from outside attacks. Placing which of the following devices on the network perimeter would provide the MOST security for the system?

    A. Firewall
    B. NGFW
    C. Content filter
    D. IDS/IPS

Correct Answer: B
Question #269 Topic 1

Management has requested that a wireless solution be installed at a new office. Which of the following is the FIRST thing the network technician should do?

    A. Order equipment
    B. Create network diagrams
    C. Perform a site survey
    D. Create an SSID.

Correct Answer: C
Question #270 Topic 1

A technician has deployed an additional DHCP server for redundancy. Clients in certain subnets are not receiving DHCP leases from the new DHCP server.
Which of the following is the MOST likely cause?

    A. The new DHCP serverג€™s IP address was not added to the routerג€™s IP helper list.
    B. The new DHCP server is not receiving the requests from the clients.
    C. The ARP cache of the new DHCP server needs to be updated.
    D. The ARP table on the router needs to be cleared.

Correct Answer: A
Question #271 Topic 1

Greater bandwidth and availability are required between two switches. Each switch has multiple 100Mb Ethernet ports available. Which of the following should a technician implement to help achieve these requirements?

    A. Spanning tree
    B. Clustering
    C. Power management
    D. Port aggregation

Correct Answer: D
Question #272 Topic 1

A technician is configuring a new server with an IP address of 10.35.113.47 on the 10.35.112.0 subnet to allow for the maximum number of hosts. When configuring network settings, which of the following is the correct subnet mask?

    A. 10.35.112.0/30
    B. 10.35.112.0/24
    C. 255.255.240.0
    D. 255.255.248.0
    E. 255.255.255.0

Correct Answer: C
Question #273 Topic 1

Ann, a customer, recently upgraded her SOHO Internet to gigabit fiber from cable. She was previously getting speeds around 75Mbps down and 25Mbps up. After the upgrade, Ann runs a speed test on her desktop and gets results of 1000Mbps down and 100Mbps up. A technician connects directly to the router and sees the correct 1000Mbps speeds. Which of the following is MOST likely the cause? (Choose two.)

    A. All ports should be configured for full duplex.
    B. There is a 10/100 switch on the network.
    C. The connections are using Cat 5 cable.
    D. The connections are using Cat 6 cable.
    E. There is a transceiver mismatch at the fiber termination point.
    F. Signal attenuation on the new fiber has reached the upper limits.

Correct Answer: AC
Question #274 Topic 1

A user reports intermittent performance issues on a segment of the network. According to the troubleshooting methodology, which of the following steps should the technician do NEXT after collecting initial information from the customer?

    A. Document findings, actions, and outcomes.
    B. Establish a theory of probable cause.
    C. Establish a plan of action to resolve the problem.
    D. Duplicate the problem, if possible.

Correct Answer: D
Question #275 Topic 1

Which of the following protocols is associated with a three-way handshake?

    A. UDP
    B. ICMP
    C. GRE
    D. TCP

Correct Answer: D
Question #276 Topic 1

Which of the following would a company place at the edge of its network if it wants to view and control which Internet applications are being used?

    A. VPN concentrator
    B. NGFW
    C. IDS/IPS
    D. Proxy server

Correct Answer: B
Question #277 Topic 1

A technician wants to physically connect two office buildingsג€™ networks. The office buildings are located 600ft (183m) apart. Which of the following cable types is the BEST choice?

    A. Cat 5e
    B. Cat 6a
    C. Multimode
    D. Coaxial

Correct Answer: C
Question #278 Topic 1

A network engineer at a multinational company is asked to purchase mobile phones for senior executives who often travel internationally. The executives want their phones to work with wireless carriers in multiple countries when they travel. Which of the following cellular standards should these new phones support?

    A. GSM
    B. TDM
    C. CDMA
    D. PSTN

Correct Answer: A
Question #279 Topic 1

DRAG DROP -
You are tasked with creating a network that will accomplish the following requirements.
Requirements:
✑ The remote Sales Team must be able to connect to the corporate network.
✑ Each department must have ONLY two PCs and a server.
✑ Each department must be segmented from each other.
✑ The following VLANs have been designed:
- VLAN 2 ג€" Finance
- VLAN 12 ג€" Sales
- VLAN 22 ג€" Human Resources (HR)
✑ Routing for VLAN 12 is implemented on the router. Routing for VLAN 2 and VLAN 22 is on the switch.

INSTRUCTIONS -
Complete the network by dragging the required objects onto the diagram.
Objects can be used multiple times and not all placeholders need to be filled.
If at any time you would like to bring back the initial state of the simulation, please click the Reset All button.
Select and Place:

Correct Answer:
Question #280 Topic 1

Which of the following should a network administrator use to configure Layer 3 routes? (Choose two.)

    A. Multilayer switch
    B. Firewall
    C. Hub
    D. Bridge
    E. Modem
    F. Media converter

Correct Answer: AB
Question #281 Topic 1

While logged into a financial application, a user gets errors when trying to write to the database. The network administrator is not familiar with the application and how it communicates with the database. Which of the following documentation types should the network administrator use to troubleshoot the data flow?

    A. Logical diagram
    B. Physical diagram
    C. Network baseline
    D. Change management log

Correct Answer: A
Question #282 Topic 1

Joe, a network engineer, is attempting to install wireless in a large work area. He installs the access point in the middle of the work space. When testing, he notices a -60dB reading on one side of the room and a -92dB reading on the other side. Which of the following is MOST likely the issue?

    A. External interference
    B. Distance limitations
    C. Channel overlap
    D. Incorrect antenna type

Correct Answer: D
Question #283 Topic 1

A network technician wants to address PCs on a subnet with IPv6 in addition to IPv4. The subnet currently uses a DHCP server that only supports IPv4. Which of the following should the technician use to assign IPv6 addresses automatically without DHCP?

    A. APIPA
    B. MAC reservations
    C. EUI-64
    D. IPv4 to IPv6 tunnel

Correct Answer: C
Question #284 Topic 1

A technician is establishing connectivity through a VPN for remote server access. Which of the following protocols should be utilized to configure this VPN connection securely?

    A. IPSec
    B. IGRP
    C. L2TP
    D. PPTP

Correct Answer: A
Question #285 Topic 1

A network technician receives a request for a disaster recovery solution. Management has requested no downtime in the event of a disaster. Which of the following disaster recovery solutions is the appropriate choice?

    A. Hot site
    B. Business continuity
    C. File backups
    D. Virtual snapshot

Correct Answer: B
Question #286 Topic 1

A network technician receives a new firmware update for a network device. The technician wants to ensure the file has not been tampered with. Which of the following techniques should the technician use to ensure the integrity of the file?

    A. Cyclic redundancy check
    B. System integrity check
    C. Hash comparison
    D. Root guard

Correct Answer: C
Question #287 Topic 1

An AP is configured to authenticate clients by using their Active Directory username and password. The AP uses UDP to connect to the authentication service, which then queries Active Directory. Which of the following authentication services is being used by the AP in this scenario?

    A. RADIUS
    B. TACACS+
    C. LDAP
    D. Kerberos

Correct Answer: A
Question #288 Topic 1

Which of the following should be configured on the network to achieve performance for the FCoE storage traffic?

    A. PoE
    B. DHCP snooping
    C. Jumbo frames
    D. Virtual IP

Correct Answer: C
Question #289 Topic 1

A network administrator wants to narrow the scope of a subnet to two usable IP addresses within a class C network. Which of the following is the correct CIDR notation?

    A. 10.10.50.0/30
    B. 172.16.20.0/30
    C. 192.1.0.124/30
    D. 192.168.0.192/24
    E. 192.170.10.0/24

Correct Answer: C
Question #290 Topic 1

A network technician notices that most of the nodes in the 10.10.74.0/23 address space return either 1 or 2 node hop after running a tracert; however, some of the new servers are showing a hop count larger than 10. Which of the following is the MOST likely reason for this?

    A. New servers are being provisioned in the cloud.
    B. Those servers have host-based firewalls.
    C. Some of the servers are configured to use different gateways.
    D. Part of the subnet is configured to use different VLANs.

Correct Answer: A
Question #291 Topic 1

A technician has a remote site that often has congestion issues. When this happens, the remote router cannot be managed using SSH because the session drops. Which of the following is a possible solution to the issue?

    A. Out-of-band management
    B. HTTPS management URL
    C. Client-to-site VPN
    D. Router ACL

Correct Answer: A
Question #292 Topic 1

A technician has installed multiple new PC clients and is connecting them to the network. Only one client is receiving IP addressing information. Which of the following should the technician verify as the NEXT troubleshooting step?

    A. DHCP scope
    B. DHCP lease
    C. Default gateway
    D. DNS zone

Correct Answer: A
Question #293 Topic 1

Which of the following WAN technologies swaps the header on a packet when internally switching from one provider router to another?

    A. ATM
    B. Frame relay
    C. MPLS
    D. PPP

Correct Answer: C
Question #294 Topic 1

A network administrator is purchasing a mobile phone for a manager who is traveling internationally. The phone needs to be able to make and receive calls in multiple countries outside of North America. Which of the following cellular technologies should the administrator look for in the phone?

    A. CDMA
    B. GSM
    C. TDMA
    D. CSMA

Correct Answer: B
Question #295 Topic 1

A network administrator is downloading a large patch that will be uploaded to several enterprise switches simultaneously during the dayג€™s upgrade cycle. Which of the following should the administrator do to help ensure the upgrade process will be less likely to cause problems with the switches?

    A. Confirm the patchג€™s MD5 hash prior to the upgrade.
    B. Schedule the switches to reboot after an appropriate amount of time.
    C. Download each switchג€™s current configuration before the upgrade.
    D. Utilize FTP rather than TFTP to upload the patch.

Correct Answer: C
Question #296 Topic 1

A network technician is segmenting network traffic into various broadcast domains. Which of the following should the network technician utilize?

    A. VLAN
    B. STP
    C. ACL
    D. BPDU

Correct Answer: A
Question #297 Topic 1

After rebooting a PC, a user is no longer able to connect to the corporate network. As a test, the technician plugs a different laptop into the same network jack and receives an IP address of 169.254.112.137. Which of the following is MOST likely causing the issue?

    A. DHCP scope exhaustion
    B. Improper DNS setting
    C. Incorrect ACL setting
    D. Port-security violation

Correct Answer: A
Question #298 Topic 1

A network administrator is concerned about clients being able to access the local Internet while connected to the corporate VPN. Which of the following should be disabled on the client to prevent this?

    A. TLS
    B. Remote file access
    C. Split tunneling
    D. HTTPS

Correct Answer: C
Question #299 Topic 1

A network technician travels to a remote office to set up a new SOHO for the company. Wireless networking should be used at the remote office. The network technician sets up all the related wireless network equipment, and the last step is to connect the usersג€™ devices to the company network. To complete this step, which of the following should be used to secure the remote network location?

    A. Host-based firewalls
    B. WPA2/WPA
    C. Open access
    D. Port filtering

Correct Answer: B
Question #300 Topic 1

The length of an IPv6 address is:

    A. 32 bits
    B. 64 bits
    C. 128 bits
    D. 256 bits

Correct Answer: C
Question #301 Topic 1

A network technician is troubleshooting a problem with a userג€™s client-to-site VPN connection. The user is unable to establish a connection to the server, but the error message that appears on screen does not contain useful information. Which of the following should the technician do NEXT to troubleshoot the issue?

    A. Reconfigure the userג€™s VPN connection in the router to fix profile corruption.
    B. Inform the user that provisioning sometimes fails and the connection needs to be attempted again.
    C. Review the logs in the VPN client to check for any informational messages.
    D. Verify the system has the latest OS patches installed.

Correct Answer: C
Question #302 Topic 1

Management requires remote access to network devices when the ISP is down. Which of the following devices would provide the BEST solution?

    A. Router
    B. Firewall
    C. Bridge
    D. Modem

Correct Answer: D
Question #303 Topic 1

A network technician installed a new host on the network. The host is not connecting to the companyג€™s cloud servers. The technician attempts to ping a server using the IP address with no success. Checking the IP address using ipconfing displays:

Which of the following should the technician perform NEXT to determine where the issue is located?

    A. Modify the default gateway address and ping the server to test connectivity.
    B. Change the DNS servers to be on the same subnet as the host.
    C. Modify the routerג€™s ACL to allow port 80 to exit the network.
    D. Perform a tracert command to locate where the packet is dropped.

Correct Answer: D
Question #304 Topic 1

A network technician is performing a firmware upgrade on a switch. The firmware needs to be downloaded to the device. Which of the following methods should the technician use to retrieve the updated firmware?

    A. RDP
    B. SSH
    C. TFTP
    D. Telnet

Correct Answer: C
Question #305 Topic 1

A network technician is assisting a user who is experiencing connectivity problems with the VPN. The technician has confirmed the VPN is functioning and other users at the site cannot access the Internet. Which of the following commands would MOST likely be used to further troubleshoot?

    A. tracert
    B. netstat
    C. arp
    D. dig

Correct Answer: A
Question #306 Topic 1

Which of the following MUST be installed on an employeeג€™s computer if the remote access VPN implements an SSL VPN with PKI authentication?

    A. Shared secret
    B. HTTPS server
    C. Soft token
    D. Private certificate

Correct Answer: D
Question #307 Topic 1

Which of the following default ports should be opened on a firewall to allow for SSH and Telnet? (Choose two.)

    A. 21
    B. 22
    C. 23
    D. 25
    E. 123
    F. 443

Correct Answer: BC
Question #308 Topic 1

Two computers are connected to a multilayer switch, and both can access the corporate file server. The computers cannot talk to one another. Which of the following is MOST likely the cause?

    A. Duplex/speed mismatch
    B. ACL misconfiguration
    C. Bad port
    D. Crosstalk

Correct Answer: B
Question #309 Topic 1

A user calls the help desk for assistance with setting up a new SOHO router. The user has three employees who all have laptops that need to connect to the wireless network. The users need to have firewall rules allowing access to an internal server, but cannot be configured with static IP addresses. Which of the following BEST describes what the technician should implement?

    A. CNAME record in the usersג€™ dynamic DNS accounts
    B. Additional lease time for the laptop computers
    C. IP helper relay system for configuration hops
    D. DHCP reservation for the laptopsג€™ MACs

Correct Answer: D
Question #310 Topic 1

A home user is unable to get to the Internet from a workstation that is connected to a wireless network. When reviewing the results of the ipconfig command, the user wants to verity the default gateway is correct. Which of the following devices should be the gateway?

    A. Cable modem
    B. SOHO router
    C. DNS server
    D. Layer 2 switch

Correct Answer: A
Question #311 Topic 1

A technician is troubleshooting intermittent connectivity on a line-of-sight wireless bridge. Which of the following tools should the technician use to determine the cause of the packet loss?

    A. Spectrum analyzer
    B. OTDR
    C. Packet sniffer
    D. Multimeter

Correct Answer: A
Question #312 Topic 1

Which of the following should be configured to allow for IP-to-name resolutions?

    A. CNAME
    B. A
    C. PTR
    D. NS

Correct Answer: C
Question #313 Topic 1

When configuring a new switch in a packet-switched network, which of the following helps protect against network loops?

    A. Spanning tree
    B. Flood guard
    C. BPDU guard
    D. DHCP snooping

Correct Answer: A
Question #314 Topic 1

A company has just installed a new cloud VoIP solution; however, users occasionally report poor call quality or dead air being present. Which of the following describes the NEXT troubleshooting step the technician should take?

    A. The technician should check the internal diagnostics on all the phones to look for a common thread.
    B. The technician should reset all the phones and reprovision information from the provider
    C. The technician should use a packet tracer to see if the traffic is getting out of the network
    D. The technician should run ping tests on the Internet line to monitor for packet loss and latency

Correct Answer: D
Question #315 Topic 1

A network technician needs to configure a device with an embedded OS so it can be connected to a wireless handheld scanner. Which of the following technologies should be configured on the OS to create the wireless connection?

    A. Partial mesh
    B. Ad hoc
    C. Ring
    D. Bus

Correct Answer: B
Question #316 Topic 1

An NGFW alerts that a web server in the DMZ is sending suspicious traffic. A network administrator finds that port 25 is open, and the traffic is originating from this port. The only purpose of this server is to deliver website traffic. Which of the following should the network administrator recommend to the systems administrator?

    A. Disable Telnet service on the server.
    B. Disable DHCP service on the server.
    C. Disable the SMTP service on the server
    D. Disable FTP service on the server.

Correct Answer: C
Question #317 Topic 1

Joe, a network technician, wants to locally back up several router and switch configurations. He wants to store them on a server that can be accessed easily for recovery without authentication. Which of the following servers should Joe use?

    A. Telnet
    B. LDAP
    C. TFTP
    D. Samba

Correct Answer: C
Question #318 Topic 1

According to the troubleshooting methodology, which of the following steps will help a technician gather information about a network problem? (Choose two.)

    A. Test solutions.
    B. Duplicate the problem
    C. Establish a theory of probable cause
    D. Question users
    E. Implement preventive measures.
    F. Document findings

Correct Answer: BD
Question #319 Topic 1

A user reports network resources can no longer be accessed. The PC reports a link but will only accept static IP addresses. The technician pings other devices on the subnet, but the PC displays the message Destination unreachable. Which of the following are MOST likely the causes of this issue? (Choose two.)

    A. Damaged cables
    B. Crosstalk
    C. Bent pins
    D. TX/RX reverse
    E. VLAN mismatch
    F. Duplex mismatch

Correct Answer: CE
Question #320 Topic 1

While testing an ACL on the default gateway router to allow only web browsing, ports TCP 80 and TCP 443 were the only ports open. When tested, no websites were accessible via their URLs inside the network. Which of the following configurations should be added to the ACL?

    A. permit tcp any any eq 20
    B. permit udp any any eq 25
    C. permit udp any any eq 53
    D. permit udp any any eq 68
    E. permit tcp any any eq 110
    F. permit tcp any any eq 8080

Correct Answer: C
Question #321 Topic 1

Users have been experiencing connection timeout issues when using a web-based program. The network technician determines the problem happened due to a
TTL setting that was set too low on the firewall. Which of the following BEST enabled the network technician to reach this conclusion?

    A. Reviewing application logs
    B. Reviewing a baseline report
    C. Reviewing a vulnerability scan
    D. Reviewing SLA requirements

Correct Answer: A
Question #322 Topic 1

A network technician is installing a new wireless network for a client. The client has experienced issues with other building tenants connecting to the wireless network and utilizing the bandwidth. The client wants to prevent this from happening by using certificate-based authentication. Which of the following technologies should the network administrator implement?

    A. WPA-PSK
    B. EAP-TLS
    C. AES-CCMP
    D. WEP-TKIP

Correct Answer: B
Question #323 Topic 1

A network administrator is installing a campus network of two routers, 24 switches, 76 APs, and 492 VoIP phone sets. Which of the following additional devices should the administrator install to help manage this network?

    A. VoIP PBX
    B. Content filter
    C. RADIUS server
    D. Wireless controller

Correct Answer: D
Question #324 Topic 1

A technician arrives at a new building to find cabling has been run and terminated, but only the wall ports have been labeled. Which of the following tools should be utilized to BEST facilitate labeling the patch panel?

    A. Tone generator
    B. Cable tester
    C. Multimeter
    D. Loopback adapter

Correct Answer: A
Question #325 Topic 1

Which of the following policies prohibits a network administrator from using spare servers in the datacenter to mine bitcoins?

    A. NDA
    B. BYOD
    C. AUP
    D. MOU

Correct Answer: C
Question #326 Topic 1

Which of the following technologies is used when multiple Ethernet adapters work to increase speed and fault tolerance?

    A. Clustering
    B. Load balancing
    C. Redundant circuits
    D. NIC teaming

Correct Answer: D
Question #327 Topic 1

A network technician has finished configuring a new DHCP for a network. To ensure proper functionality, which of the following ports should be allowed on the serverג€™s local firewall? (Choose two.)

    A. 20
    B. 21
    C. 53
    D. 67
    E. 68
    F. 389

Correct Answer: DE
Question #328 Topic 1

A network technician is reviewing switch ACLs to determine if they are causing communication issues with one PC. The PCג€™s IP address is 192.168.12.66. Which of the following is the network range found in the ACL that could have affected this PC?

    A. 192.168.12.97 255.255.255.192
    B. 192.168.12.97 255.255.255.224
    C. 192.168.12.97 255.255.255.240
    D. 192.168.12.97 255.255.255.248

Correct Answer: A
Question #329 Topic 1

A new technician is connecting an access switch to a distribution switch uplink in a datacenter using fiber cables. Which of the following are transceivers the technician should use to perform this job? (Choose two.)

    A. RJ45
    B. DB-9
    C. LC
    D. SFP
    E. GBIC
    F. SC

Correct Answer: DE
Question #330 Topic 1

Which of the following physical security devices is used to prevent unauthorized access into a datacenter?

    A. Motion detector
    B. Video camera
    C. Asset tracking
    D. Smart card reader

Correct Answer: D
Question #331 Topic 1

A technician is installing two new servers that collect logs. After installing the servers, the technician reviews the logical output from various commands. Which of the following should be included in a logical network diagram?

    A. Rack location
    B. Room number
    C. Media type
    D. Hostname

Correct Answer: D
Question #332 Topic 1

A few weeks after starting a new position, Joe, a junior network administrator, receives a call from an internal number asking for his username and password to update some records. Joe realizes this may be a type of attack on the network, since he has full access to network resources. Which of the following attacks is described?

    A. Logic bomb
    B. Social engineering
    C. Trojan horse
    D. Insider threat

Correct Answer: B
Question #333 Topic 1

A technician is sent to troubleshoot a faulty network connection. The technician tests the cable, and data passes through successfully. No changes were made in the environment, however, when a network device is connected to the switch using the cable, the switchport will not light up. Which of the following should the technician attempt NEXT?

    A. Modify the speed and duplex
    B. Plug in to another port
    C. Replace the NIC
    D. Change the switch

Correct Answer: B
Question #334 Topic 1

A technician has been assigned to capture packets on a specific switchport. Which of the following switch features MUST be used to accomplish this?

    A. Spanning tree
    B. Trunking
    C. Port aggregation
    D. Port mirroring

Correct Answer: D
Question #335 Topic 1

Which of the following operate only within the UDP protocol?

    A. Frames
    B. Datagrams
    C. Segments
    D. Packets

Correct Answer: B
Question #336 Topic 1

An employee reports an error when visiting a website using SSL, and a message is displayed warning of an invalid certificate. Which of the following could be occurring?

    A. Phishing
    B. DDoS
    C. Evil twin
    D. MITM
    E. OCSP stapling

Correct Answer: C
Question #337 Topic 1

A network technician is troubleshooting a connectivity issue and determines the cause is related to the VLAN assignment on one of the access switches in the network. After resolving the issue, the network technician decides to update the documentation to refer to the correct VLAN. Which of the following should the technician update?

    A. Physical diagram
    B. Logical diagram
    C. IDF documentation
    D. Change management documentation
    E. Incident rֳ©ponse plan

Correct Answer: B
Question #338 Topic 1

A university has a lecture hall containing 100 students. Currently, the lecture hall has two 802.11ac wireless access points, which can accommodate up to 50 devices each. Several students report they are unable to connect devices to the wireless network. Which of the following is MOST likely the issue?

    A. One of the wireless access points is on the wrong frequency
    B. The students are attempting to connect 802.11g devices
    C. The students are using more than one wireless device per seat.
    D. Distance limitations are preventing the students from connecting.

Correct Answer: B
Question #339 Topic 1

A WAP has been dropping off the network sporadically and reconnecting shortly thereafter. The Cat 5 wire connecting the access point is a long run of 265ft (81m) and goes through the business area and the mechanical room. Which of the following should the technician do to fix the AP connectivity issue?

    A. Install a repeater to boost the signal to its destination
    B. Replace the UTP cable with plenum cable.
    C. Upgrade the cable from Cat 5 to Cat 5e.
    D. Set the AP to half duplex to compensate for signal loss.

Correct Answer: C
Question #340 Topic 1

A technician wants to configure a SOHO network to use a specific public DNS server. Which of the following network components should the technician configure to point all clients on a network to a new DNS server?

    A. Router
    B. Switch
    C. Load balancer
    D. Proxy server

Correct Answer: A
Question #341 Topic 1

A company wishes to allow employees with company-owned mobile devices to connect automatically to the corporate wireless network upon entering the facility.
Which of the following would BEST accomplish this objective?

    A. Open wireless
    B. Geofencing
    C. Pre-shared key
    D. MAC filtering

Correct Answer: C
Question #342 Topic 1

A network engineer for a manufacturing company is implementing a wireless network that provides reliable coverage throughout the facility. There are several large, electric, motorized machines installed on the shop floor for automating the manufacturing process. These machines are known to be significant sources of
RF interference. Which of the following frequencies should the wireless network use to MINIMIZE this interference?

    A. 2.4 GHz
    B. 56MHz
    C. 5GHz
    D. 900MHz

Correct Answer: C
Question #343 Topic 1

A company has procured a new office building and started the process of assigning employees to work at that location. The company has also purchased equipment for the new location. There are 5033 laptops, 6000 monitors, and 857 printers. Which of the following steps is the technician most likely to complete
FIRST?

    A. Create a rack diagram
    B. Create a network baseline
    C. Create an inventory database
    D. Create a port location diagram

Correct Answer: C
Question #344 Topic 1

Which of the following is created on a 48-port switch with five active VLANs?

    A. 48 networks, five segments
    B. 48 collision domains, five broadcast domains
    C. 240 private networks
    D. 240 usable IP addresses

Correct Answer: B
Question #345 Topic 1

A corporate manager says wireless phones do not work properly inside the main building. After a troubleshooting process, the network administrator detects that the voice packets are arriving on the wireless phones with different delay times. Which of the following performance issues is the company facing?

    A. Jitter
    B. Latency
    C. Attenuation
    D. Frequency mismatch

Correct Answer: A
Question #346 Topic 1

Which of the following technologies is used to attach multiple guest operating systems to a single physical network port?

    A. Virtual switch
    B. FCoE
    C. VPC
    D. vSAN
    E. Fibre Channel

Correct Answer: A
Question #347 Topic 1

When speaking with a client, an employee realizes a proposed solution may contain a specific cryptographic technology that is prohibited for non-domestic use.
Which of the following documents or regulations should be consulted for confirmation?

    A. Incident response policy
    B. International export controls
    C. Data loss prevention
    D. Remote access policies
    E. Licensing restrictions

Correct Answer: B
Question #348 Topic 1

A network technician is installing a new network switch in the MDF. The technician is using fiber to connect the switch back to the core. Which of the following transceiver types should the technician use?

    A. MT-RJ
    B. BNC
    C. GBIC
    D. F-type

Correct Answer: C
Question #349 Topic 1

A network technician notices a router that repeatedly reboots. When contacting technical support, the technician discovers this is a known problem in which an attacker can craft packets and send them to the router through an obsolete protocol port, causing the router to reboot. Which of the following did the network technician fail to do? (Choose two.)

    A. Generate new crypto keys.
    B. Keep patches updated.
    C. Disable unnecessary services.
    D. Shut down unused interfaces.
    E. Avoid using common passwords.
    F. Implement file hashing.

Correct Answer: BC
Question #350 Topic 1

A technician has replaced a customerג€™s desktop with a known-good model from storage. However, the replacement desktop will not connect to network resources.
The technician suspects the desktop has not been kept up to date with security patches. Which of the following is MOST likely in place?

    A. ACL
    B. NAC
    C. Traffic shaping
    D. SDN
    E. NTP

Correct Answer: B
Question #351 Topic 1

A network technician wants to gain a better understanding of network trends to determine if they are over capacity. Which of the following processes should the technician use?

    A. Log review
    B. Port scanning
    C. Vulnerability scanning
    D. Traffic analysis

Correct Answer: D
Question #352 Topic 1

A network technician is configuring network addresses and port numbers for a router ACL to block a peer-to-peer application. Which of the following is the
HIGHEST layer of the OSI model at which this router ACL operates?

    A. Transport
    B. Network
    C. Session
    D. Application

Correct Answer: A
Question #353 Topic 1

An attacker has flooded the hardware tables of a switch to forward traffic to the attackerג€™s IP address rather than the default router. The traffic received is copied in real time, and then forwarded to the default router transparently from the end-user perspective. Which of the following attacks are occurring in this scenario?
(Choose two.)

    A. DNS poisoning
    B. ARP poisoning
    C. Man-in-the-middle
    D. Ransomware
    E. Evil twin
    F. Reflective

Correct Answer: BC
Question #354 Topic 1

A remote user is required to upload weekly reports to a server at the main office. Both the remote user and the server are using a Windows-based OS. Which of the following represents the BEST method for the remote user to connect to the server?

    A. RDP
    B. Telnet
    C. SSH
    D. VNC

Correct Answer: A
Question #355 Topic 1

At which of the following layers of the OSI model would TCP/UDP operate?

    A. Layer 3
    B. Layer 4
    C. Layer 5
    D. Layer 6

Correct Answer: B
Question #356 Topic 1

A technician is troubleshooting a server in the finance office that hosts an internal accounting program. The ticketing desk has received several calls from users reporting that access to the accounting program is degraded, and they are experiencing severe delays, sometimes timing out entirely. The problem has been isolated to the server. Which of the following tools should the technician use on the server to narrow down the issue?

    A. nslookup
    B. iptables
    C. pathping
    D. netstat

Correct Answer: C
Question #357 Topic 1

A technician is reviewing network device logs in an attempt to trace an attack that occurred on the network. Which of the following protocols would affect whether or not the technician can properly trace the attack through the network using the logs?

    A. HTTP
    B. SMTP
    C. NTP
    D. RDP

Correct Answer: C
Question #358 Topic 1

Which of the following is BEST for providing real-time equipment theft alerts to the security staff?

    A. Biometric locks
    B. Smart card reader
    C. Asset tracking tags
    D. Motion detection

Correct Answer: B
Question #359 Topic 1

A development team has been testing a web server on a virtual server to create a web application. Once satisfied, the development team clones the entire virtual server into production. The development team needs to use HTTP, HTTPS, and SSH to connect to the new server. Which of the following should the network administrator do to help secure this new production VM? (Choose two.)

    A. Disable the HTTP port in the host firewall.
    B. Upgrade the firmware on the firewall.
    C. Generate new SSH host keys.
    D. Remove unnecessary testing accounts.
    E. Issue a new self-signed certificate.

Correct Answer: CE
Question #360 Topic 1

A wireless client is having issues staying connected to the wireless network even though the client is less than 20ft (6m) from the access point. Which of the following is MOST likely the cause?

    A. Distance limitations
    B. Latency
    C. Security type mismatch
    D. Absorption

Correct Answer: D
Question #361 Topic 1

Which of the following is a network device that is responsible for separating collision domains?

    A. Switch
    B. Router
    C. Hub
    D. Modem

Correct Answer: A
Question #362 Topic 1

Which of the following network topologies is primarily used to connect servers to large network disk arrays?

    A. SAN
    B. MAN
    C. CAN
    D. PAN
    E. LAN

Correct Answer: A
Question #363 Topic 1

After setting up in a temporary office, Joe tries to access the companyג€™s wireless network. Following several attempts, Joe is able to get an IP, but cannot access network resources. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of this error when trying to connect to the companyג€™s wireless network?

    A. Incorrect passphrase
    B. Incorrect power levels
    C. Incorrect workstation certificate
    D. Incorrect encryption

Correct Answer: C
Question #364 Topic 1

A network technician is assisting a user who is having problems accessing a particular website. Other users are reporting that the website is accessible outside of the office. The technician suspects the problem is with the companyג€™s firewall. Which of the following should the technician use to troubleshoot?

    A. WiFi analyzer
    B. Bandwidth speed tester
    C. Dig
    D. Packet sniffer

Correct Answer: C
Question #365 Topic 1

Which of the following protocols are used to configure an email client to receive email? (Choose two.)

    A. IMAP
    B. SMTP
    C. POP
    D. SFTP
    E. TFTP

Correct Answer: AC
Question #366 Topic 1

A network extension needs to be run to a location 500ft (152m) from the nearest switch. Which of the following solutions would work BEST? (Choose two.)

    A. Cat 6 with a repeater placed in the middle of the run
    B. Cat 7
    C. Crossover cable
    D. Fiber-optic cabling
    E. Cat 7 with a patch panel placed in the middle of the run

Correct Answer: AD
Question #367 Topic 1

A network administrator wants to connect to a remote device via SSH. Which of the following layers of the OSI model is the protocol using?

    A. 3
    B. 4
    C. 5
    D. 6
    E. 7

Correct Answer: E
Question #368 Topic 1

A technician has received a report that details the need for a patch and a complete list of the affected systems. Which of the following activities MOST likely generated the report?

    A. Port enumeration
    B. Baseline review
    C. Vulnerability scanning
    D. Packet analysis

Correct Answer: C
Question #369 Topic 1

A small company has decided to use a single virtual appliance to filter spam as well as reverse proxy and filter traffic to its internal web server. Which of the following has the company MOST likely deployed?

    A. IPS
    B. Firewall
    C. SIEM
    D. UTM
    E. Content filter

Correct Answer: E
Question #370 Topic 1

Which of the following devices would allow a network administrator to block an application at Layer 7 on the network?

    A. Firewall
    B. NGFW
    C. Router
    D. Spam filter

Correct Answer: B
Question #371 Topic 1

A client requests a new dynamic address and receives a response from two DHCP servers. Which of the following addressing information would the client use?

    A. The IP addressing information received last
    B. The IP addressing information from the highest server MAC address
    C. The IP addressing information from the highest server IP address
    D. The IP addressing information received first

Correct Answer: D
Question #372 Topic 1

A technician is preparing to dispose of old network devices. Which of the following policies and best practices would outline procedures for removing sensitive information and configurations from surplus equipment?

    A. System life-cycle procedures
    B. Off-boarding procedures
    C. Safety procedures
    D. Appropriate use policy

Correct Answer: B
Question #373 Topic 1

Ann, a network technician, is told to disable unused ports on a switch. Another technician tells her the policy is to move those ports into a non-routed VLAN and leave them enabled. Which of the following documents should Ann use to ensure she is employing the correct method?

    A. Inventory management
    B. Wiring and port location
    C. Configuration baseline
    D. Standard operating procedure

Correct Answer: D
Question #374 Topic 1

A network technician does not have access to the GUI of a server and needs to adjust some network properties. Given the command: route add 0.0.0.0 mask 0.0.0.0 192.169.1.222 metric 1
Which of the following is the technician attempting to alter?

    A. The technician is clearing the route table.
    B. The technician is adding a static IP address.
    C. The technician is clearing the subnet mask setting.
    D. The technician is setting the default gateway.

Correct Answer: D
Question #375 Topic 1

A company is experiencing exponential growth and has hired many new employees. New users are reporting they cannot log into their systems, even though they are on the same network. The technician can see physical connectivity to the network switch along with their MAC addresses. Which of the following should the technician check NEXT?

    A. VLAN routing
    B. Server-based firewall configuration issue
    C. Patch cable type
    D. DHCP scope availability

Correct Answer: D
Question #376 Topic 1

A network technician is installing and configuring a new router for the sales department. Once the task is complete, which of the following needs to be done to record the change the technician is making to the company network?

    A. Change management
    B. Network diagrams
    C. Inventory report
    D. Labeling report

Correct Answer: A
Question #377 Topic 1

A network technician receives reports indicating some users are unable to gain access to any network resources. During troubleshooting, the technician discovers the workstations have an IP address of 169.254.x.x. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause?

    A. Expired IP address
    B. Exhausted dynamic scope
    C. Misconfigured VLSM
    D. Rogue DHCP server

Correct Answer: B
Question #378 Topic 1

A customer has submitted a request for a new wireless connection in the main office so visitors can reach the Internet to check their email. The customer is concerned about security and does not want visitors to be able to access the internal finance server. Which of the following BEST describes the correct configuration?

    A. The LAN and WLAN should be configured in the same zone with dynamic DENY ALL rules.
    B. The LAN and WLAN should be configured in the DMZ so traffic is denied automatically.
    C. The LAN and WLAN should be marked as trusted during work hours and untrusted during off hours.
    D. The LAN and WLAN should be configured in separate zones with a firewall in between.

Correct Answer: D
Question #379 Topic 1

An employee, who is using a laptop connected to the wireless network, is able to connect to the Internet but not to internal company resources. A systems administrator reviews the following information from the laptop:

IP: 192.168.1.100 -

MASK: 255.255.255.0 -

ROUTER: 192.168.1.1 -
The administrator was expecting to see a network address within 10.100.0.0/23, which is consistent with the companyג€™s wireless network. The network administrator verifies the companyג€™s wireless network is configured and working properly. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of this issue?

    A. Interference
    B. Security type mismatch
    C. Wrong SSID
    D. Channel overlap

Correct Answer: C
Question #380 Topic 1

Which of the following technologies should be used in high-throughput networks to reduce network overhead?

    A. iSCSI
    B. QoS tags
    C. Port aggregation
    D. Jumbo frames

Correct Answer: D
Question #381 Topic 1

A network topology requires a switch to be placed in an unsecured location. Which of the following techniques should be used to prevent unauthorized access?
(Choose two.)

    A. Disabling unused ports
    B. Upgrading firmware
    C. Using secure protocols
    D. File hashing
    E. MAC filtering
    F. Configuring a honeypot

Correct Answer: AE
Question #382 Topic 1

A network technician is assisting a user who has relocated to a newly constructed office space. The user has no network connectivity. A cable tester was used on the port and is reporting that the pairs are open. Which of the following should be used to remedy this problem?

    A. Loopback adapter
    B. Tone generator
    C. Multimeter
    D. Punchdown tool

Correct Answer: D
Question #383 Topic 1

A technician needs to add ten additional Ethernet ports to a small office network. A new basic function switch is added. Hosts connected to the new switch are unable to see any computers on the network other than those connected to the new switch. Which of the following should the technician perform to ensure the hosts on the new switch can communicate with the existing network?

    A. Replace the new switch with a hub to ensure Layer 1 connectivity on the new network segment.
    B. Move the straight-through Ethernet cable connecting the switches to the first port on both switches.
    C. Connect the switches with a cable that has a TIA/EIA 586A wired connector end and a TIA/EIA 586B wired end.
    D. Add a second cable connecting the switches for redundancy and disabling STP on both switches.

Correct Answer: C
Question #384 Topic 1

Before upgrading the firmware on several routers, a technician must verify the firmware file received is the same one the vendor provided. Which of the following should the technician use?

    A. 3DES encryption
    B. SSL certificate
    C. Digital signatures
    D. MD5 hash

Correct Answer: D
Question #385 Topic 1

Which of the following is the MOST secure type of remote administration?

    A. SSH over IPsec client-to-site VPN
    B. RDP over SSLv2 HTTPS terminal services gateway
    C. HTTP over WPA2-TKIP WiFi
    D. Telnet over PSTN

Correct Answer: A
Question #386 Topic 1

A wireless access point that was working in a large warehouse last week is now offline. The technician observes there is no power to the device. The technician verifies PoE is working on the switchport, and then confirms the wireless access point is still not powering up. Which of the following is the MOST likely issue?

    A. Attenuation
    B. Incorrect pin-out
    C. Damaged cable
    D. Switch misconfiguration

Correct Answer: C
Question #387 Topic 1

A network engineer is trying to determine where to place a firewall based on the flow of traffic. Which of the following types of documentation would assist the engineer in doing this?

    A. Change management
    B. Rack diagram
    C. Network configuration
    D. Network diagram

Correct Answer: D
Question #388 Topic 1

A user believes a work email account has been compromised. A technician discovers that an email seeming to be from the userג€™s bank shares the same origin IP address as the last login to the email account. Which of the following types of attack is described in this scenario?

    A. Spam
    B. Ransomware
    C. Man-in-the-middle
    D. Phishing

Correct Answer: C
Question #389 Topic 1

A customer wants to set up a guest wireless network for visitors. The customer prefers to not have a password on the network. Which of the following should a technician set up to force guests to provide information before using the network?

    A. Single sign-on
    B. RADIUS
    C. TACACS+
    D. Captive portal

Correct Answer: D
Question #390 Topic 1

A zero-day vulnerability is discovered that affects a specific network device. This vulnerability only affects services on port 21. This network device is restricted to use only secure protocols and services. Which of the following explains why this device is secure?

    A. Because secure protocols would reject malicious packets
    B. Because SCP is not a secure service
    C. Because FTP is not a secure service
    D. Because a secure firewall will protect the device

Correct Answer: C
Question #391 Topic 1

Which of the following protocols is used by Active Directory for authentication?

    A. SSH
    B. SFTP
    C. LDAP
    D. TLS

Correct Answer: C
Question #392 Topic 1

When deploying UTP cables in a networking environment, which of the following are acceptable standards? (Choose two.)

    A. 10Base2
    B. 10Base5
    C. 10GBaseT
    D. 1000BaseLX
    E. 1000BaseSX
    F. 1000BaseT

Correct Answer: CF
Question #393 Topic 1

Which of the following is the physical location where the customer-premise equipment comes together with the ISP or third-party telecommunications equipment?

    A. Server room
    B. Equipment closet
    C. Demarcation point
    D. Intermediate distribution frame

Correct Answer: C
Question #394 Topic 1

A vulnerability that would allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to originate a DoS attack was found in a DHCP client implementation of a switch. Which of the following would BEST resolve the issue?

    A. Verify the default passwords have been changed.
    B. Upgrade to the latest firmware
    C. Generate new SSH keys.
    D. Review and modify the firewall rules.

Correct Answer: B
Question #395 Topic 1

A human resources manager notifies the IT manager the night before an employee will be terminated so the employeeג€™s access rights can be removed. Which of the following policies is being exercised?

    A. Privileged user agreement
    B. AUP
    C. Non-disclosure agreement
    D. Offboarding

Correct Answer: D
Question #396 Topic 1

Log files show the admin user has logged into a public-facing device on several occasions in the evening. None of the technicians admit to doing any after-hours work, and the password has been changed several times but failed to prevent the logins. Which of the following should be the NEXT step to attempt to harden the device?

    A. Disable unused ports.
    B. Reset the two-factor token.
    C. Disable virtual ports.
    D. Upgrade the firmware.

Correct Answer: A
Question #397 Topic 1

A network technician is setting up the wireless network for a companyג€™s new branch office. After doing a site survey, the technician discovers there is a lot of interference from 2.4GHz devices at the location on channel 11. Which of the following would be the BEST channel on which to set up the WAPs?

    A. Channel 6
    B. Channel 7
    C. Channel 9
    D. Channel 10

Correct Answer: A
Question #398 Topic 1

A network technician has deployed a new 802.11ac network and discovers some of the legacy POS equipment only supports WPA and 802.11a. Which of the following is the MOST secure method of connecting all devices while avoiding a performance impact to modern wireless devices?

    A. Configure the APs to use LEAP authentication to support WPA rather than WPA2 for full compatibility.
    B. Connect modern devices under the 5GHz band while dedicating the 2.4GHz band to legacy devices.
    C. Connect the legacy devices with a PSK while the modern devices should use the more secure EAP.
    D. Create two SSIDs, one to support CCMP-AES encryption and one with TKIP-RC4 encryption.

Correct Answer: C
Question #399 Topic 1

Which of the following BEST describes the characteristics of a differential backup solution?

    A. Backs up files with the creation or modified date as the current date.
    B. Backs up all files and sets the archive bit.
    C. Backs up files with a date earlier than todayג€™s date with a clear archive bit.
    D. Backs up files with the archive bit set but does not clear the bit.

Correct Answer: A
Question #400 Topic 1

A technician has been asked to diagnose problems with DHCP addressing on a VLAN. The DHCP server responds to pings from the technicianג€™s machine. Which of the following should the technician use to help diagnose the problem?

    A. Packet sniffer
    B. netstat
    C. nslookup
    D. Spectrum analyzer

Correct Answer: A
Question #401 Topic 1

Which of the following allow for higher fault tolerance, availability, and performance across multiple systems? (Choose two.)

    A. Load balancer
    B. Jumbo frames
    C. Clustering
    D. Round robin
    E. TCP offloading

Correct Answer: AC
Question #402 Topic 1

A technician is investigating an issue related to a single host that is unable to access the Internet. The technician records the following information: Host IP
169.254.1.10. The network IP address range on the DHCP server is 10.10.5.2-10.10.5.250 with a default gateway 10.10.5.1 and a DNS of 8.8.8.8. Which of the following should the technician perform to troubleshoot the issue?

    A. Change the IP scope on the DHCP server to a public IP address range.
    B. Perform a traceroute command to identify the router that is not functioning.
    C. Verify the host has physical connectivity and is on the correct VLAN.
    D. Configure the DNS address in the DHCP scope to a 10.10.5.0/24 address.

Correct Answer: C
Question #403 Topic 1

A network administrator wants to reduce the amount of time each user takes to log in to different systems in the network. Which of the following would reduce the time spent authenticating?

    A. Kerberos
    B. RADIUS
    C. Certificate
    D. SSO
    E. MFA
    F. NAC

Correct Answer: D
Question #404 Topic 1

A network technician arrives at a remote office and is unable to connect a laptop to corporate resources using the wireless network. After checking the IP address, the network technician notices the assigned IP address does not belong to the corporate network IP scheme. Which of the following has the network technician discovered?

    A. Evil twin
    B. ARP poisoning
    C. DHCP exhaustion
    D. Social engineering

Correct Answer: A
Question #405 Topic 1

Which of the following is an object held within an MIB?

    A. OUI
    B. OTDR
    C. OID
    D. SNMP host
    E. SNMP agent
    F. SNMP trap

Correct Answer: C
Question #406 Topic 1

Which of the following storage network technologies has the HIGHEST throughput?

    A. FCoE
    B. InfiniBand
    C. iSCSI
    D. OC3

Correct Answer: B
Question #407 Topic 1

The corporate head office has assigned the subnet of 10.1.100.0/24 to a network technician. The technician wants to create subnets for the finance department, human resources, and IT. Given the following device counts:

Finance: 70 devices -

Human resources: 38 devices -

IT: 16 devices -
Which of the following outlines how the technician should allocate the address space given?

    A. Finance: 10.1.100.0/21 Human resources: 10.1.100.128/22 IT: 10.1.100.192/23
    B. Finance: 10.1.100.0/23 Human resources: 10.1.100.128/22 IT: 10.1.100.192/21
    C. Finance: 10.1.100.0/25 Human resources: 10.1.100.128/26 IT: 10.1.100.192/27
    D. Finance: 10.1.100.0/26 Human resources: 10.1.100.128/27 IT: 10.1.100.192/28

Correct Answer: C
Question #408 Topic 1

A network administrator is configuring the 172.16.40.0/22 network for a new building. Which of the following is the number of hosts that will be supported on this network?

    A. 510
    B. 512
    C. 1022
    D. 1024
    E. 2046
    F. 2048

Correct Answer: C
Question #409 Topic 1

At which of the following layers of the OSI model does compression occur?

    A. Session
    B. Transport
    C. Data link
    D. Presentation

Correct Answer: D
Question #410 Topic 1

Users report that the network is slow. Upon investigation, the technician notices all users are on one large subnet. Which of the following devices should be used to break up broadcast domains?

    A. Layer 2 switch
    B. Layer 3 switch
    C. Signal repeater
    D. Bridge
    E. Domain server

Correct Answer: B
Question #411 Topic 1

Ann, a user, reports that her desktop phone is not working on one cable. However, that cable provides connectivity to her laptop. A technician determines PoE is not provided to the end device. Which of the following is MOST likely the cause?

    A. Transceiver mismatch
    B. Crosstalk
    C. Jitter
    D. Open/short on the cable

Correct Answer: A
Question #412 Topic 1

A network technician has been asked to create secure private networks between a companyג€™s headquarters and several branch locations. The company has provided the on-premises equipment, but each branch has a different ISP. Which of the following technologies should the technician consider using to accomplish this?

    A. Site-to-site
    B. Client-to-site
    C. Point-to-point
    D. Point-to-multipoint

Correct Answer: A
Question #413 Topic 1

A department is reporting network issues. Users can ping each other and the switch, but not the default gateway. When looking at a wiring diagram and a physical blueprint, a technician notices the 1000BaseLX SFP connects to a distribution switch via a cable that runs behind a large industrial refrigerator. The technician also notices both switches have been worked on recently. Which of the following is MOST likely the issue?

    A. EMI
    B. TX/RX reverse
    C. Open/short
    D. Attenuation

Correct Answer: A
Question #414 Topic 1

DRAG DROP -
You have been tasked with testing a CAT5e cable. A summary of the test results can be found on the screen.


Instructions -
Step 1: Select the tool that was used to create the cable test results.
Step 2: Interpret the test results and select the option that explains the results. After you are done with your analysis, click the ג€˜Submitג€™ button.
Step 3: You have determined that the original crimp is faulty. Re-crimp the cable connector using the T568B cabling standard. Choose the correct cable for each pin in the connector by clicking on the pin and selecting a cable color.
If at any time you would like to bring back the initial state of the simulation, please click the Reset All button.
Select and Place:

Correct Answer:
Question #415 Topic 1

A shop owner wants to ensure that only a specified group of devices can access the wireless network. Which of the following methodologies will BEST ensure unauthorized devices cannot consume the shop ownerג€™s limited Internet bandwidth?

    A. Disable the SSID broadcast.
    B. Implement WEP authentication.
    C. Change the WiFi password.
    D. Activate MAC address filtering.

Correct Answer: D
Question #416 Topic 1

A large company uses an AAA server to manage network device access. The engineers can use their domain credentials to access all other servers. Currently, the network engineers cannot access the AAA server using domain credentials, but they can access it using a local account. Which of the following should the engineers update?

    A. Host-based firewall settings
    B. TACAS+ server time
    C. Server IP address
    D. DNS SRV record

Correct Answer: B
Question #417 Topic 1

A network technician has been asked to install an additional switch in an IDF, but all of the single-mode fiber is in use between the IDF and MDF. The technician has deployed new transceivers that allow for the use of a single fiber stand, providing the additional fiber needed for the new switch. Which of the following has the technician deployed?

    A. 1000BaseLX SFP
    B. Duplex GBIC
    C. Duplex SFP+
    D. Bidirectional SFP

Correct Answer: D
Question #418 Topic 1

A network administrator wants to ensure all traffic is inspected and abides by the AUP, and that malicious traffic is stopped. Which of the following features should be enabled on a firewall to meet this requirement?

    A. Intrusion detection
    B. Proxy service
    C. Dynamic DNS
    D. Content filtering

Correct Answer: D
Question #419 Topic 1

A network technician has purchased a 10GBase-T switch and wishes to connect it to 30 computers with 10GB network cards. The computers are 225ft (69m) away, and all need to establish a 10 Gbps connection to meet business requirements. To minimize costs while still meeting these requirements, which of the following cable types should the technician choose?

    A. Cat 5e
    B. Cat 6
    C. Cat 6a
    D. Cat 7

Correct Answer: C
Question #420 Topic 1

A technician is configuring a new email server and needs to modify DNS records. Which of the following records should the technician update to ensure email functions as expected?

    A. MX
    B. CNAME
    C. AAAA
    D. SRV

Correct Answer: A
Question #421 Topic 1

Which of the following BEST describes the functionality of the root guard feature on a switch?

    A. BPDUs entering the root bridge are ignored.
    B. The STP root bridge cannot be changed.
    C. Broadcast storms entering from a root port are blocked.
    D. Loop protection is enabled on the root port of a switch.

Correct Answer: B
Question #422 Topic 1

A network administrator is adding a new WAN circuit from the ISP to a new building. In which of the following locations would the network administrator find the utility entry point?

    A. DMZ
    B. Data tier
    C. IDF
    D. Demarc

Correct Answer: D
Question #423 Topic 1

The help desk is receiving reports of intermittent connections to a server. A help desk technician suspects the server is unable to establish a three-way handshake due to a DoS attack. Which of the following commands should a network administrator use to confirm the help desk technicianג€™s claim?

    A. nmap
    B. arp
    C. tcpdump
    D. dig

Correct Answer: C
Question #424 Topic 1

A technician discovered a company computer had a virus but was unable to remove it. The technician decided to erase the hard drive to eliminate the threat.
Which of the following policies did the technician violate?

    A. Data loss prevention
    B. Incident response
    C. Asset disposal
    D. Acceptable use

Correct Answer: A
Question #425 Topic 1

A company hires another firm to test the integrity of its information security controls. This is an example of:

    A. role separation
    B. device hardening
    C. risk assessment
    D. penetration testing

Correct Answer: D
Question #426 Topic 1

A network technician is troubleshooting an issue routing TCP packets to an email server. At which of the following OSI layers is the issue occurring?

    A. Layer 1 ג€" Physical
    B. Layer 3 ג€" Network
    C. Layer 4 ג€" Transport
    D. Layer 7 ג€" Application

Correct Answer: C
Question #427 Topic 1

A vendor is installing an Ethernet network in a new hospital wing. The cabling is primarily run above the celling grid near air conditioning ducts and sprinkler pipes.
Which of the following cable types is required for this installation?

    A. Plenum
    B. PVC
    C. Single-mode
    D. Cat 7

Correct Answer: A
Question #428 Topic 1

A network technician works in a large environment with several thousand users. Due to the needs of the organization, the network manager has asked the technician to design a solution that accommodates the data needs of all the users, while keeping all data on site. Which of the following solutions should the technician implement?

    A. SaaS
    B. SAN
    C. NAS
    D. IaaS

Correct Answer: B
Question #429 Topic 1

Which of the following can be used to prevent unauthorized employees from entering restricted areas?

    A. Sign-in sheets
    B. Video cameras
    C. Motion sensors
    D. Swipe badges

Correct Answer: D
Question #430 Topic 1

A Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) has decided to implement a secure and user-friendly way to connect to the corporate wireless network. Each workstation will be authenticated individually using a unique certificate that will be deployed to the workstation by the organizationג€™s certificate authority. Which of the following authentication methods would meet this requirement?

    A. PEAP
    B. WP2-PSK
    C. Captive portal
    D. EAP-TLS

Correct Answer: D
Question #431 Topic 1

A bookstore uses a Faraday cage to comply with credit card regulations. Customers report that their cellular phones have no signal when they are in the bookstore. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause?

    A. The Faraday cage is creating interference within the bookstore.
    B. The Faraday cage prevents access by redirecting signals.
    C. The Faraday cage is creating latency on the cellular network.
    D. The Faraday cage is creating attenuation of the cellular network.

Correct Answer: B
Question #432 Topic 1

An administrator is redesigning a companyג€™s network and wants to reduce the amount of hardware needed. Currently, all VLAN routing goes out a single switch interface to a router.
Which of the following would reduce the number of devices in this configuration?

    A. Bridge
    B. Multilayer switch
    C. Switch
    D. Next-generation firewall

Correct Answer: B
Question #433 Topic 1

A network technician needs to distribute an updated OS for all network switches at company locations throughout the world. The technician wants to ensure file integrity since several locations do not have high-quality connectivity to the Internet.
Which of the following methods should be used to distribute the images while ensuring integrity?

    A. Use a TFTP server and UDP protocol.
    B. Use an FTP server and provide the file hash.
    C. Use an HTTP server to share the file.
    D. Use a modem and dial-up connection.

Correct Answer: B
Question #434 Topic 1

Which of the following OSI layers do TCP and UDP operate within?

    A. Data link
    B. Network
    C. Session
    D. Transport
    E. Presentation
    F. Application

Correct Answer: D
Question #435 Topic 1

A company has decided to allow certain users to work remotely by opening up a VPN connection through the firewall. The security policy has been updated to allow VPN connections only from certain users and to specific areas on the network. Along with configuring the correct policies on the firewall, which of the following also needs to be configured on usersג€™ mobile devices to allow these VPN connections?

    A. VNC application
    B. Kerberos
    C. Geotagging application
    D. Credentials

Correct Answer: D
Question #436 Topic 1

A network engineer is working on a network connectivity problem between a site in California and a site in New York. The connection went down overnight, and the engineer is unsure where the connection failed. The technician is logged into the primary switch in the customerג€™s network, which is also the companyג€™s connection to the WAN.
Which of the following tools should the technician use to determine the last available network hop?

    A. netstat
    B. Nmap
    C. traceroute
    D. pathping

Correct Answer: C
Question #437 Topic 1

A network manager is concerned about visitors taking advantage of open cubicies at a companyג€™s facilities. Which of the following would mitigate this issue?

    A. Create a VLAN for all unused switchports.
    B. Implement a DMZ for all external services.
    C. Implement root guard on all switches.
    D. Create a honeypot to attract attackers.

Correct Answer: A
Question #438 Topic 1

Joe, a user, is having issues when trying to access certain web pages. Upon navigating to a web page, it seems like it connects, but then presents the following message:
The security certificate presented by this website was not trusted by a trusted certificate authority.
Joe has cleared his cache and cookies, rebooted his machine, and attempted to browse to the website from a coworkerג€™s desktop, but it still presented with this error.
Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of this error?

    A. The web server is missing an intermediate certificate.
    B. The website is missing an HTTPS certificate.
    C. TLS is not enabled in the browser.
    D. The SSL certificate has expired.

Correct Answer: A
Question #439 Topic 1

Which of the following is used to define the duration during which a client can use an IP address?

    A. MAC reservation
    B. IP helper
    C. Pool
    D. Lease time

Correct Answer: D
Question #440 Topic 1

A small company is requesting a quote to refresh its wireless network. The company currently runs 60 autonomous APs and has plans to increase wireless density by 50% in the near future. The requirements state that the chosen solution should significantly decrease the management overhead of the current wireless network.
Which of the following should the vendors recommend in response to the quote request?

    A. The use of lightweight APs with a load balancer
    B. The use of autonomous APs with a wireless controller
    C. The use of autonomous APs with a load balancer
    D. The use of lightweight APs with a wireless controller

Correct Answer: D
Question #441 Topic 1

A network support specialist is setting up wireless networks for several small companies that are leasing adjacent spaces in an office building. The network support specialist has already configured an access point for each office with WPA2-AES encryption and minimized any overlap of the wireless channels. Several of the companies have expressed concerns about performance and security issues due to the high volume of wireless networks being installed in close proximity.
Which of the following actions will BEST mitigate the companiesג€™ concerns?

    A. Reduce the TX power on each access point.
    B. Enable MAC address filtering on each access point.
    C. Disable the SSID broadcast on each access point.
    D. Enable AP isolation on each access point.

Correct Answer: A
Question #442 Topic 1

A network technician receives a trouble ticket and speaks to the user who is experiencing the issues with the application. Which of the following should the technician perform NEXT?

    A. Gather information.
    B. Determine the symptoms.
    C. Establish a plan of action.
    D. Document the findings

Correct Answer: A
Question #443 Topic 1

A company wants to implement a wireless infrastructure on its campus to meet the needs of its BYOD initiative. The company has users with legacy devices and wants to accommodate them while delivering speed to other users who have modern systems.
Which of the following standards BEST fits these requirements?

    A. 802.11a
    B. 802.11ac
    C. 802.11b
    D. 802.11n

Correct Answer: D
Question #444 Topic 1

Joe, a technician, is attempting to resolve an issue with an off-site router remotely. Joe needs to reset the WAN connection settings and wants to ensure he will have access to the router at all times to monitor the changes.
Which of the following solutions would BEST meet this goal?

    A. Use a secure SSH connection over the WAN link.
    B. Telnet into the router over the company VPN.
    C. Implement a modem on the AUX port.
    D. Configure a DSL router to the console port.

Correct Answer: C
Question #445 Topic 1

To achieve a more efficient and secure work environment, a company needs a way to control what is being accessed on the Internet using corporate resources.
Which of the following devices should be used to accomplish this task? (Choose two.)

    A. Proxy server
    B. IDS
    C. Load balancer
    D. Content filter
    E. VPN concentrator
    F. IPS

Correct Answer: AD
Question #446 Topic 1

The network support team is responsible for managing connections in a large, multipurpose venue where maintaining physical security is difficult. Implementing which of the following standards would BEST help to prevent unauthorized connections to the wired network?

    A. 802.1X
    B. 802.1q
    C. 802.3at
    D. 802.3af

Correct Answer: A
Question #447 Topic 1

A utility company has installed a wireless device at a residence that allows the company to view power consumption online. The resident reports the 802.11ac home wireless intermittently loses connectivity for about 15 minutes twice a day.
Which of the following is the MOST likely cause?

    A. The utility company throttles power during peak hours.
    B. There is additional data being transferred over the wireless network.
    C. There is interference with the smart reader.
    D. An IoT device is causing a DoS attack on the wireless network.

Correct Answer: B
Question #448 Topic 1

A technician has been asked to install biometric controls at the entrance of a new datacenter. Which of the following would be appropriate authentication methods to meet this requirement? (Choose two.)

    A. Badge reader
    B. Retina scanner
    C. Random number-generating token
    D. Device proximity sensor
    E. Challenge question
    F. Combination lock
    G. Fingerprint reader

Correct Answer: BG
Question #449 Topic 1

Two buildings used to be connected by a wireless bridge, but they are upgrading to fiber. Which of the following new devices would be required at the demarcation points?

    A. Wireless access point
    B. Router
    C. Media converter
    D. Firewall

Correct Answer: C
Question #450 Topic 1

A company is expanding and building a new remote branch office. Marketing will need 78 IP addresses, finance will need 150 IP addresses, legal will need 39 IP addresses, and R&D will need 12 IP addresses. The network administrator gives the technician a network of 172.16.48.0/23 and wants the technician to use
VLSM for the design. Which of the following are possible solutions? (Choose three.)

    A. The marketing department should receive a /25 network.
    B. The R&D department should have 172.16.49.207 as a broadcast address.
    C. The R&D department should receive a /27 network.
    D. The finance department should have 172.16.49.127 as a broadcast address.
    E. The marketing department should have usable IPs ranging from 172.16.49.129 to 172.16.49.190.
    F. The legal department should have a first usable IP address of 172.16.49.190
    G. The legal department should have usable IPs ranging from 172.16.49.129 to 172.16.49.190.
    H. The R&D department should have a last usable IP address of 172.16.49.190.

Correct Answer: ABG
Question #451 Topic 1

After several changes to the network, a technician needs to ensure a client is checking for new hostname and IP pairings. Which of the following commands should the technician use to force new lookups?

    A. ipconfig /flushdns
    B. ipconfig /release
    C. ipconfig /renew
    D. ipconfig /all

Correct Answer: A
Question #452 Topic 1

A network technician is setting up a WiFi network in a multi-tenant building. When trying to determine the best channel, which of the following is the BEST tool to use?

    A. Protocol analyzer
    B. Tone generator
    C. Spectrum analyzer
    D. Multimeter

Correct Answer: C
Question #453 Topic 1

Due to regulatory requirements, a college bookstore prohibits customers from accessing the wireless network in the building. Which of the following would be the
BEST method to prevent customers from accessing the wireless network while in the bookstore?

    A. Use MAC filtering for authorization to the wireless network.
    B. Require PEAP for authentication to the wireless network.
    C. Implement a Faraday cage within the bookstore premises.
    D. Require a pre-shared key for authentication to the wireless network.

Correct Answer: C
Question #454 Topic 1

A network technician sets up a new schedule on the backup server. Management has informed the technician that a full backup does not need to be completed every day. The technician sets up weekly full backups. Which of the following should the technician configure for the remaining days to MINIMIZE the daily backup size?

    A. Snapshots
    B. Incremental
    C. Replica
    D. Differential

Correct Answer: B
Question #455 Topic 1

Which of the following network topologies typically has all devices on a network directly connected to every other network device?

    A. Mesh
    B. Star
    C. Ad hoc
    D. Ring

Correct Answer: A
Question #456 Topic 1

A technician wants to set an IP address to a specific MAC address on a host machine. Which of the following commands should the technician use?

    A. ipconfig
    B. nslookup
    C. arp
    D. dig

Correct Answer: C
Question #457 Topic 1

A network technician is designing a network cable upgrade in a newly acquired office space. The IT manager wants to install a standardized twisted pair cable solution that supports speeds up to 1 Gbps and terminates with a standard RJ45 connector. Which of the following cable types should the technician suggest?

    A. SMF
    B. Cat 3
    C. Cat 5
    D. Cat 6
    E. RG-6

Correct Answer: D
Question #458 Topic 1

Which of the following policies would be the MOST useful for defining the proper procedures when an employee is terminated abruptly?

    A. Offboarding
    B. Remote access
    C. AUP
    D. Incident response
    E. DLP

Correct Answer: A
Question #459 Topic 1

A technician wants to have the ability to transfer files from home to the companyג€™s network on a regular basis. Which of the following is a remote access protocol the technician can utilize to bypass interactive user authentication by using a list of known host public keys?

    A. FTP
    B. SCP
    C. TFTP
    D. Telnet

Correct Answer: B
Question #460 Topic 1

A company runs Linux servers in its own datacenter and also on a popular public cloud service provider. The servers hosted by the cloud provider can only be accessed with proper authorization and are only accessed by the companyג€™s datacenter. Which of the following BEST describes the type of cloud architecture being used? (Choose two.)

    A. Private
    B. Hybrid
    C. Public
    D. IaaS
    E. PaaS
    F. SaaS

Correct Answer: BD
Question #461 Topic 1

A companyג€™s web-based application has a database that is set up for high availability in case of a failure. Which of the following is necessary to achieve this type of setup?

    A. A virtual IP pointing to the active DB
    B. A static IP pointing to the passive DB
    C. A private IP pointing to the web front end
    D. A private IP pointing to the web proxy

Correct Answer: A
Question #462 Topic 1

A network technician is creating a diagram of network termination points in the building. The technician diagrammed the core network room and now needs to diagram the auxiliary network closets. Which of the following is the technician MOST likely going to add to the diagram?

    A. IDF
    B. MDF
    C. VRF
    D. TDM

Correct Answer: A
Question #463 Topic 1

A network technician has installed multiple new lightweight access points across the network. Which of the following devices should the technician use to manage the new access points?

    A. Wireless controller
    B. SSH
    C. DHCP server
    D. Content filter
    E. WiFi analyzer

Correct Answer: A
Question #464 Topic 1

Management is concerned there is excessive traffic on the network. A network technician wants to run a quick port scan to see any systems that have open ports.
Which of the following tools should be used to do this?

    A. tcpdump
    B. dig
    C. nmap
    D. netstat

Correct Answer: C
Question #465 Topic 1

A network technician receives the following command output from a Linux-based machine:

Which of the following commands did the network technician run?

    A. iptables ג€"f ABCDEG.com
    B. dig ג€"t ANY ABCDEG.com
    C. NMAP ג€"t ABCDEG.com
    D. netstat ג€"a ACDEG.com

Correct Answer: B
Question #466 Topic 1

Allowing data to be centrally stored and accessed by multiple devices on an isolated subnet is BEST understood as:

    A. NAS
    B. iSCSI
    C. SAN
    D. FCoE

Correct Answer: C
Question #467 Topic 1

During a weekend event, several people reported they were unable to get onto the wireless network. On Monday, the technician could not find a problem. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause?

    A. Cross talk
    B. Overcapacity
    C. Channel overlap
    D. Wrong passphrase

Correct Answer: B
Question #468 Topic 1

After deployment of a second network link to load balance the network traffic, the quality of voice calls degrades. The network administrator discovers the voice packets are arriving at uneven intervals that cannot be handled by the voice application buffer. Which of the following actions will improve the quality of the voice calls?

    A. Control the attenuation of the non-voice traffic across the network links
    B. Control the latency of traffic across the network links
    C. Control the EMI of the multimedia traffic across the network links
    D. Control the jitter of the affected traffic across the network links

Correct Answer: D
Question #469 Topic 1

Which of the following can a network administrator use to access a network switch using standard AAA configurations?

    A. TACACS+
    B. Single sign-on
    C. LDAP
    D. Local authentication

Correct Answer: A
Question #470 Topic 1

A network technician receives a switch that is configured to support VLANs on its ports. At which of the following layers is this switch operating?

    A. Layer 1
    B. Layer 2
    C. Layer 3
    D. Layer 4

Correct Answer: B
Question #471 Topic 1

Which of the following protocols is used to transport outgoing mail across networks?

    A. POP
    B. SMTP
    C. IMAP
    D. LDAP

Correct Answer: B
Question #472 Topic 1

Management at a company wants to increase the bandwidth available to users after receiving several complaints. A technician reports to management that 50% of the company bandwidth is being utilized by wireless devices outside the companyג€™s property. Given budget constraints, which of the following solutions should the technician propose to management?

    A. Have the ISP double the bandwidth
    B. Move from WPA2 to WEP
    C. Enable WPA and change the SSID
    D. Configure geofencing

Correct Answer: D
Question #473 Topic 1

To increase speed and availability, a high-traffic web application was split into three servers recently and moved behind a load balancer. Which of the following should be configured on the load balancer to allow for a single destination?

    A. SIP
    B. PAT
    C. NAT
    D. VIP

Correct Answer: D
Question #474 Topic 1

A network technician is reading a network diagram and looking for the edge router. Which of the following is MOST likely the symbol used for the router?

    A. A circle with four outward arrows
    B. A rectangle with two horizontal arrows
    C. A square with two circular arrows
    D. A triangle with three outward arrows

Correct Answer: A
Question #475 Topic 1

Which of the following would a network technician MOST likely connect to power wireless access points in drop ceilings?

    A. Powerline extender
    B. Ethernet-over-power adapter
    C. Power-over-Ethernet switch
    D. Power distribution unit
    E. Ethernet power controller

Correct Answer: C
Question #476 Topic 1

A network technician needs to monitor the traffic going to a mission-critical server in the datacenter. Which of the following is the BEST method to perform this?

    A. Use port mirroring
    B. Install an inline tap
    C. Periodically view the server logs
    D. Configure port aggregation

Correct Answer: B
Question #477 Topic 1

A network engineer at a large company is restricting Internet browsing on the corporate WAN to only business-related external websites. Which of the following is the BEST solution to achieve this goal while avoiding the need to configure this restriction on each PC?

    A. Web application firewall
    B. Content filter
    C. IPS
    D. VPN concentrator

Correct Answer: B
Question #478 Topic 1

Which of the following types of attacks is characterized by encrypting data and locking out a user from access to certain data within a workstation?

    A. Ransomware
    B. Phishing
    C. DDoS
    D. Social engineering
    E. Spoofing

Correct Answer: A
Question #479 Topic 1

The process of searching for open or weakly secured wireless networks in a geographic area is known as:

    A. phishing.
    B. social engineering.
    C. war driving.
    D. an evil twin.

Correct Answer: C
Question #480 Topic 1

A request is made to open an additional port on a firewall. The request is approved, and the port is opened. Which of the following BEST describes this process?

    A. Standard operating procedure
    B. Process management
    C. Project management
    D. Change management

Correct Answer: D
Question #481 Topic 1

A network technician notices that switches of the same model have different commands and security features while administering them. Which of the following hardening techniques should the technician perform on a regular schedule to ensure all switches have the same features and security functionality?

    A. Change the default credentials.
    B. Verify the firmware file hash.
    C. Disable unused switchports.
    D. Apply patches and updates.

Correct Answer: D
Question #482 Topic 1

A network administrator has deployed a secure wireless network that authenticates using Active Directory network credentials so individual users are uniquely identified when connected to the WLAN. Which of the following wireless technologies has the administrator configured?

    A. WEP
    B. EAP-PEAP
    C. PSK
    D. CCMP-AES

Correct Answer: B
Question #483 Topic 1

A SAN serves out storage to a companyג€™s virtual environment and provides low-level disk access. The company wants to use its existing IP network and equipment to access the virtual disks. Which of the following network connection types would BEST accomplish this task?

    A. InfiniBand
    B. iSCSI
    C. Fibre Channel
    D. CIFS

Correct Answer: B
Question #484 Topic 1

When using a network monitoring system, a network technician notices that a switch returns many object identifiers that do not have descriptions. Which of the following should be imported into the monitoring system to describe these object identifiers?

    A. SNMPv3
    B. SIEM
    C. MIB
    D. SYSLOG

Correct Answer: C
Question #485 Topic 1

A company hires some temporary workers. On day one, the temporary employees report they are unable to connect to the network. A network technician uses a packet analysis tool and finds that many clients are continuously sending out requests for an IP address, but many of them are not receiving a response. Which of the following could be the cause of this issue?

    A. Exhausted DHCP scope
    B. Untrusted SSL certificates
    C. Duplicate MAC addresses
    D. Incorrect firewall settings

Correct Answer: A
Question #486 Topic 1

A network administrator is responding to a help desk ticket, which states an unknown wireless access point is broadcasting in a specific area. Upon investigation, the administrator finds that a user brought a wireless access point from home and plugged it into the corporate network. This resulted in an attacker using the unsecured wireless LAN to gain access to the network. Which of the following should the network administrator have done to BEST prevent this problem?

    A. Changed the default credentials on the network switches
    B. Installed a Layer 7 firewall
    C. Implemented port security
    D. Disabled unnecessary services on the network switches

Correct Answer: C
Question #487 Topic 1

A user no longer has access to network resources after a recent office move, but all other users in the building are able to connect at 100MB connections. After further investigation, a network technician notices the following information:

Which of the following is causing the network connection issues?

    A. Open/short pins
    B. VLAN mismatch
    C. Distance limitation
    D. Crosstalk
    E. Port configuration

Correct Answer: E
Question #488 Topic 1

A small team is overloaded with requests for database resources. The Chief Information Officer (CIO) is concerned the company does not have the resources to deploy and manage these additional services efficiently. Which of the following types of cloud services would be the MOST effective?

    A. PaaS
    B. IaaS
    C. BaaS
    D. SaaS

Correct Answer: C
Question #489 Topic 1

Which of the following should be performed on a regular basis to prevent unauthorized access to a company network? (Choose two.)

    A. Packet analysis
    B. Reviewing baselines
    C. Vulnerability scanning
    D. Patch management
    E. Log archiving

Correct Answer: CD
Question #490 Topic 1

A network technician receives a report that the companyג€™s intranet web server is not responding. The technician verifies successful connectivity to the server via the ping and tracert commands. The technician also verifies the routers and switches are online and operational, and then runs Telnet to port 80 and receives a response. Which of the following troubleshooting steps should the technician perform NEXT?

    A. Establish a plan to reset the company router.
    B. Escalate the issue to the server administrator.
    C. Duplicate the issue and continue testing.
    D. Report that an issue was not identified.

Correct Answer: C
Question #491 Topic 1

Which of the following ports are used for electronic mail protocols? (Choose three.)

    A. 23
    B. 25
    C. 110
    D. 123
    E. 143
    F. 161
    G. 389
    H. 443

Correct Answer: BCE
Question #492 Topic 1

A technician needs to connect two routers using copper cables. Which of the following cables would utilize both the TIA/EIA 568a and TIA/EIA 568b standards?

    A. Cat5 crossover
    B. Cat5e straight-through
    C. Cat5e rollover
    D. Cat6 console
    E. Cat6a straight-through

Correct Answer: A
Question #493 Topic 1

The engineering department wants to bring a legacy computer online to test a failed component. When patching the device into the switch, there are no link lights or connectivity. The legacy computer can ping its loopback address successfully. Another device can connect to that same port without issues. Which of the following should the network technician check NEXT? (Choose two.)

    A. Speed setting on the switch
    B. Duplex requirements
    C. Firmware version
    D. Protocols the legacy computer supports
    E. Network card drivers
    F. VLAN settings

Correct Answer: CE
Question #494 Topic 1

A user in the marketing department reports the email server is down. The user has not received email for more than 24 hours. Which of the following should the network technician do to investigate this issue?

    A. Question other users in the marketing department to see if they are also having connectivity issues.
    B. Reboot the email server and verify connectivity once it is up again.
    C. Check the router and firewall to see if ACLs or firmware have changed in the last 24 hours.
    D. Check for network connectivity on the userג€™s PC and reinstall the email client.

Correct Answer: A
Question #495 Topic 1

A network technician has provisioned a new Linux instance in a public cloud providerג€™s IaaS environment. The technician did not install a graphical user interface.
The technician wants to connect to the serverג€™s public IP address securely to start a console session. Which of the following remote access methods should the technician use?

    A. SSH
    B. Telnet
    C. VNC
    D. RDP

Correct Answer: A
Question #496 Topic 1

A network administrator is reviewing the following output from a switch:

Which of the following attacks has occurred on the switch?

    A. DNS poisoning
    B. ARP poisoning
    C. VLAN hopping
    D. MAC address spoofing

Correct Answer: D
Question #497 Topic 1

A user does not have access to network services but has Internet access. The technician notices the computer has an IP address of 192.168.1.144 when the network is 10.10.10.0. Which of the following is MOST likely the issue?

    A. Rogue DHCP server
    B. Duplicate IP addresses
    C. Incorrect gateway
    D. Server permission changes

Correct Answer: A
Question #498 Topic 1

A technician is trying to identify the cause of an issue several wireless users are experiencing at an office. The office is in a square-shaped building, with four
802.11b WAPs with omnidirectional antennas located in the four corners of the building. Users near the center of the building report sporadic issues connecting to resources. The technician checks the signal strength in the middle of the building and determines it is adequate. Which of the following is causing the reported issue?

    A. The antenna types are incorrect, and unidirectional should be used.
    B. MAC filtering has not been updated.
    C. There is channel overlap of the access points.
    D. The power levels are set too low on the WAPs.

Correct Answer: C
Question #499 Topic 1

A network technician is performing an initial configuration of a new network switch. Per company policy, the only authorized manner for remotely administering the switch is through a command line. Which of the following protocols should the technician disable to adhere to the company policy?

    A. HTTP
    B. Telnet
    C. SSH
    D. TFTP

Correct Answer: A
Question #500 Topic 1

A network technician is troubleshooting a connectivity issue with Joe, a user. Joe has reported that when he attempts to RDP to machine1 (192.168.21.21) by name, he is connected to machine3 (192.168.21.23). When the network technician runs the command nslookup machine1, it returns the IP address
192.168.21.23; but when the ping ג€"a 192.168.21.23 command is run, the results return the hostname machine3. Which of the following DNS records should be updated to allow RDP connections to machine1 by hostname?

    A. A
    B. SRV
    C. PTR
    D. TXT

Correct Answer: A
Question #501 Topic 1

Company policy dictates that full backups are taken every Sunday evening, and incremental backups occur Monday through Saturday in the evening. If data loss were to occur on a Thursday before the backup window, which of the following is the number of backup sets that would be needed to retrieve the lost data come
Friday morning?

    A. 1
    B. 2
    C. 3
    D. 4
    E. 5

Correct Answer: D
Question #502 Topic 1

A network technician is setting up a new web server on the company network. One of the requirements for the web server is to ensure the end users can securely authenticate to the application to perform their job duties. Which of the following ports should the network technician request from the firewall team to comply with this requirement?

    A. 22
    B. 69
    C. 80
    D. 389
    E. 443

Correct Answer: E
Question #503 Topic 1

The network team at a university, which has on-campus residences, recently expanded the WiFi offerings to the dormitories. Each dormitory houses approximately 75 students, who each have multiple wireless devices. The WLAN utilizes an intelligent wireless controller for configuration and management. While the WiFi in academic buildings continues to receive few to no complaints, dormitory complaints are on the rise. Which of the following is MOST likely causing the complaints?

    A. Frequency mismatch
    B. Crosstalk
    C. Interference
    D. Channel overlap

Correct Answer: B
Question #504 Topic 1

A companyג€™s server-naming convention is overly complicated. The systems administrator wants to change the naming convention to make it easier for users to remember which hosts they should log into. However, renaming servers is complicated and requires some downtime. Which of the following DNS record types would accomplish this goal without requiring servers to be renamed?

    A. TXT
    B. A
    C. SRV
    D. CNAME

Correct Answer: D
Question #505 Topic 1

A network technician is working on a way to set up a new branch office securely. The network manager confirms the company does not have any plans to expand to any other new sites and wants to implement the most cost-effective solution. Which of the following would be the BEST type of VPN to implement?

    A. Client-to-site VPN
    B. DMVPN
    C. Site-to-site VPN
    D. MPLS VPN

Correct Answer: C
Question #506 Topic 1

A network administrator has noticed many systems on the network have traffic that is anomalous and may be part of a botnet. The administrator wants to implement an access control method that requires a computer to have antivirus software installed before being granted network access. Which of the following should the administrator deploy?

    A. 802.1X
    B. Captive portal
    C. Port security
    D. NAC

Correct Answer: D
Question #507 Topic 1

A network technician is reviewing the following output from a router:

Which of the following is this an example of?

    A. A vulnerability scan
    B. A port scan
    C. A traffic log
    D. A packet capture

Correct Answer: C
Question #508 Topic 1

A user claims to have no Internet access but can access local resources. A technician determines the issue is with a configuration because a ping to a working public website shows a response that starts with:
Ping request could not find host
Which of the following is the MOST likely misconfiguration?

    A. Incorrect netmask
    B. DNS
    C. DHCP
    D. SSL certificate

Correct Answer: B
Question #509 Topic 1

A network engineer wants to implement a technology that allows for an all-in-one approach to incoming and outgoing traffic from the Internet. This device should be able to filter content and scan for malicious information in each packet. Which of the following types of devices would be necessary?

    A. UTM appliance
    B. IDS appliance
    C. Proxy server
    D. RADIUS server

Correct Answer: A
Question #510 Topic 1

Which of the following technologies allows network traffic to come into the network on a certain port and go to a destination server with a different port?

    A. Spanning port
    B. Port forwarding
    C. Port mirroring
    D. Port tagging

Correct Answer: B
Question #511 Topic 1

An attacker has inserted a hub into a trunk link on the local network in an attempt to access the management subnet to attack the networking devices. Which of the following attacks can be used on a trunk link to provide access to the management subnet?

    A. Brute force
    B. VLAN hopping
    C. Evil twin
    D. DNS poisoning

Correct Answer: B
Question #512 Topic 1

A developer has asked a network engineer for a small network segment of five computers connected via a Layer 1 device, configured in a star topology, and segregated from the corporate network. Which of the following would BEST fulfill the developerג€™s request?

    A. Connect the five PCs to a hub that is not connected to the corporate network.
    B. Connect the five PCs to a switching router and assign the PCs to a separate VLAN.
    C. Connect the five PCs to a hardware firewall that is connected to the router.
    D. Connect the five PCs to a switch and configure the ports with implicit deny ACLs for outbound traffic.

Correct Answer: A
Question #513 Topic 1

A network engineer wants to change how employees authenticate to the wireless network. Rather than providing a pre-shared key, the engineer wants employees to be able to authenticate with the same unique company user ID and password they use for accessing other services, such as email and document sharing. The engineer also wants to receive daily reports of login attempts on the wireless network. Which of the following should be installed to achieve this goal?

    A. LDAP server
    B. UTM appliance
    C. Multilayer switch
    D. AAA/RADIUS server

Correct Answer: D
Question #514 Topic 1

Which of the following provides information about how often some devices fail so the IT department can take proactive measures?

    A. MTBF
    B. MTTR
    C. SLA
    D. UPS

Correct Answer: A
Question #515 Topic 1

Which of the following additional capabilities does a next generation firewall provide beyond a standard network firewall? (Choose two.)

    A. Application control
    B. User identification
    C. Network address translation
    D. Virtual private networking
    E. High availability
    F. Access control rules

Correct Answer: AB
Question #516 Topic 1

First thing on Monday morning, after a maintenance weekend, the help desk receives many calls that no one can access the Internet. Which of the following types of documentation should the on-call network administrator consult FIRST?

    A. Firewall configuration documentation
    B. Change management documentation
    C. Network performance baseline
    D. Logical diagram

Correct Answer: B
Question #517 Topic 1

A network team at a large company has received funding for a WiFi refresh. One of the requirements in the RFP is the new WLAN infrastructure must provide APs that support multiple streams of information at the same time. For which of the following WiFi features is the network team looking?

    A. MU-MIMO
    B. MIMO
    C. Channel bonding
    D. TDM
    E. Automatic channel selection

Correct Answer: A
Question #518 Topic 1

Multiple users are experiencing slow performance when downloading large files from a specific site. Which of the following should the technician do to check the connection to the external site?

    A. Check the latency by running a continuous ping to the site.
    B. Perform the ipconfig/flushdns command on the affected usersג€™ PCs.
    C. Run a speedtest from a userג€™s PC to a site on the Internet.
    D. Verify if there is MTU mismatch in the path to the site.

Correct Answer: A
Question #519 Topic 1

A user has reported an issue with wireless VoIP phones dropping calls during business hours. When working late or in the evenings, the user does not experience call drops. When the network technician investigates the issue, all WAPs have balanced the number of connections evenly and are not dropping off the network.
The network technician connects to the wireless network in the userג€™s office and starts a continuous ping to an external server. The results show a drastic and varied response time for each packet. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of the dropped calls?

    A. No QoS configured on the network
    B. Signal-to-noise ratio
    C. Interference from the microwave in the breakroom
    D. Rogue AP installed in the office

Correct Answer: B
Question #520 Topic 1

Which of the following components can be used to manage network traffic to all nodes in a hypervisor?

    A. Virtual switch
    B. Virtual NIC
    C. Media converter
    D. Load balancer
    E. Multilayer switch

Correct Answer: A
Question #521 Topic 1

A network technician is investigating reports of blocked downloads from a firewall. Which of the following should be used to determine which protocols are being blocked?

    A. Ping
    B. Log review
    C. Vulnerability scans
    D. Alerts

Correct Answer: B
Question #522 Topic 1

Which of the following IPv6 transition methods requires all network devices to support IPv4 and IPv6?

    A. 6to4
    B. Teredo
    C. ISATAP
    D. Dual stack

Correct Answer: D
Question #523 Topic 1

A network administrator is configuring a new Internet connection. The ISP provided a fiber-optic handoff, but the companyג€™s firewall only supports copper Ethernet interfaces. The administrator wants to connect the devices as easily as possible. Which of the following would be the BEST way to provide the connectivity needed?

    A. Bridge
    B. Router
    C. Multilayer switch
    D. Media converter

Correct Answer: D
Question #524 Topic 1

A network technician is responding to a userג€™s trouble ticket. After replacing the network patch cable with a longer cable, the user is no longer connecting to the network. The network administrator tests the patch cable with a tester and confirms the cable is not faulty. Which of the following is the issue with the newly installed cable?

    A. The user ordered Cat5e cable instead of Cat3.
    B. A crossover cable was installed.
    C. The total cable run exceeds the maximum distance.
    D. There is a network speed mismatch between the computer and the switch.

Correct Answer: C
Question #525 Topic 1

A brokerage firm requires high-speed network connectivity between several buildings in the financial district. Which of the following topologies would BEST meet this requirement?

    A. PAN
    B. WLAN
    C. SAN
    D. MAN

Correct Answer: D
Question #526 Topic 1

Which of the following is a policy that communicates the guidelines for connecting personal employee devices to the corporate network?

    A. Remote access
    B. NDA
    C. SLA
    D. BYOD
    E. Incident response

Correct Answer: D
Question #527 Topic 1

A security administrator wants to implement the ability to prevent an authorized user from tailgating into the office building. Which of the following should be implemented?

    A. Badge reader
    B. Bluetooth reader
    C. Cipher lock
    D. Mantrap

Correct Answer: D
Question #528 Topic 1

A network manager notices several outages have occurred due to modifications that were made without being properly tested. Which of the following will the network manager MOST likely implement to prevent future occurrences?

    A. Logical diagram
    B. Change management
    C. IDF documentation
    D. Configuration baseline

Correct Answer: B
Question #529 Topic 1

Due to an increase in wireless demand, 50 additional access points were installed as part of an expansion project. Each device was configured and managed separately, working with its own configuration. Which of the following network devices would assist the network team with reducing complexity and enforcing policies on the WLAN?

    A. Wireless controller
    B. Wireless range extender
    C. Wireless load balancer
    D. Wireless analyzer

Correct Answer: A
Question #530 Topic 1

Joe, a user, reports intermittent connectivity issues, but a technician notices that the only time Joe has issues is when he is logged into the database. Losing connection after authenticating to a database, but still having access to network resources such as file/print services and email, would MOST likely be caused by:

    A. an incorrect DHCP gateway setting
    B. a duplicate IP address
    C. NTP synchronization
    D. ACL configuration

Correct Answer: D
Question #531 Topic 1

A server rack was moved from one floor to another. The network engineer needs to determine what physical changes to make on the network to ensure the server rack has connectivity. Which of the following should the network engineer consult?

    A. Standard operating procedures
    B. Wiring diagram
    C. Inventory documentation
    D. Network baseline

Correct Answer: B
Question #532 Topic 1

An email server, which is called ג€Frederick,ג€ has an IPv6 address of 2001::5689:23:ABCD:6A, but most users call it ג€Fredג€ for short. Which of the following DNS entries is needed so the alias ג€Fredג€ can also be used?

    A. MX
    B. AAAA
    C. SRV
    D. CNAME
    E. TXT
    F. NS

Correct Answer: D
Question #533 Topic 1

A network administrator needs to be able to burst datacenter capacity during peak times, but does not want to pay for on-premises hardware that is not used during off-peak times. Which of the following would aid in this scenario?

    A. Public cloud
    B. SaaS
    C. PaaS
    D. Hybrid cloud

Correct Answer: C
Question #534 Topic 1

A user wants to secure a network closet and be able to tell if anyone makes changes in the closet. Which of the following would be the BEST detective physical security devices in this situation? (Choose two.)

    A. Anti-tampering
    B. Badges
    C. Door locks
    D. Key fob
    E. Motion detection
    F. Video surveillance

Correct Answer: AF
Question #535 Topic 1

A network technician needs to subnet the network. The marketing department has 28 devices. Which of the following private IP address spaces should be used to ensure the MINIMUM number of unused IP addresses?

    A. Gateway: 10.10.10.1 Netmask: 255.255.255.192
    B. Gateway: 172.15.18.128 Netmask: 255.255.255.224
    C. Gateway: 192.168.1.97 Netmask: 255.255.255.224
    D. Gateway: 224.102.113.65 Netmask: 255.255.255.192

Correct Answer: C
Question #536 Topic 1

A company has experienced a major security breach. Which of the following should the network administrator reference to determine the next steps?

    A. Non-disclosure policy
    B. Data loss prevention policy
    C. Acceptable use policy
    D. Incident response policy

Correct Answer: D
Question #537 Topic 1

A technician restored network connectivity on a userג€™s laptop. After validating full system functionality, which of the following steps should the technician take
NEXT?

    A. Duplicate the problem, if possible
    B. Determine if anything has changed
    C. Test the theory to determine the cause
    D. Document the findings, actions, and outcomes

Correct Answer: D
Question #538 Topic 1

Which of the following is an IPv6 transition mechanism in which network devices utilize IPv4 and IPv6 at the same time?

    A. 6to4
    B. ISATAP
    C. Teredo
    D. Dual stack

Correct Answer: D
Question #539 Topic 1

Which of the following protocols operates at Layer 4 of the OSI model?

    A. TCP
    B. ARP
    C. IMAP
    D. POP3

Correct Answer: A
Question #540 Topic 1

In the past, users brought personal laptops to the office to bypass some of the security protocols on their desktops. Due to new security initiatives, management has asked that users not be allowed to attach personal devices to the network. Which of the following should a technician use to BEST meet this goal?

    A. Shut down unused ports on switches
    B. Upgrade firmware on network devices
    C. Allow only secure protocols on the network
    D. Disable unnecessary services

Correct Answer: C
Question #541 Topic 1

A technician is installing a SOHO router. Which of the following should be performed on every installation and periodically maintained to prevent unauthorized access? (Choose two.)

    A. Disable remote management
    B. Update the router firmware
    C. Disable port forwarding
    D. Use complex passwords
    E. Disable the SSID broadcast

Correct Answer: BD
Question #542 Topic 1

A network analyst is providing access to an FTP server that stores files that are needed by external contractors who are working on a project. In which of the following network locations should the FTP server be placed to achieve the MOST secure environment?

    A. DMZ network
    B. Server network
    C. External network
    D. Internal network

Correct Answer: A
Question #543 Topic 1

A company is contracting a new third-party organization that will handle storage of the companyג€™s critical data. Which of the following policies would ensure the data remains confidential?

    A. SLA
    B. NDA
    C. MOU
    D. BYOD

Correct Answer: B
Question #544 Topic 1

A technician must install and configure a network device in a building with 20 classrooms. Each room must be on a separate subnet and should not be able to see traffic from other subnets. Which of the following is the MOST cost-effective solution?

    A. A switch with VLANs created for each segment
    B. A router with interfaces connected to a switch in each room
    C. A VoIP endpoint connected to a hub for each network
    D. A firewall with DHCP pools for each subnet

Correct Answer: A
Question #545 Topic 1

Which of the following WAN transmission mediums is the fastest and can travel the longest distance?

    A. Satellite
    B. Copper
    C. Wireless
    D. Fiber

Correct Answer: D
Question #546 Topic 1

The process of grouping network interfaces together to increase throughput is called:

    A. VLAN tagging
    B. load balancing
    C. port aggregation
    D. fault tolerance

Correct Answer: C
Question #547 Topic 1

Which of the following is used to purposely attack a system to exploit vulnerabilities?

    A. Honeypot
    B. Vulnerability scan
    C. Device hardening
    D. Penetration testing

Correct Answer: D
Question #548 Topic 1

A network technician is adding a 10/100 switch with RJ45 connectors to the company network to accommodate new computers being added to a network segment. There is no auto-MDIX port on the switch that needs to be connected to the existing switch on the segment. Which of the following should the technician use to make the connection?

    A. An RG-59 cable with BNC connectors
    B. A multi-mode fiber cable
    C. A straight-through Cat5 UTP cable
    D. A cable with TIA/EIA 568a and 568b on each end

Correct Answer: D
Question #549 Topic 1

A company must create a way for partners to access a web portal to update documents for a project. This should be done only via web browser in a transparent way for the users. Which of the following should be used?

    A. Site-to-site connection
    B. SSL VPN
    C. GRE tunnel
    D. VNC

Correct Answer: B
Question #550 Topic 1

A network technician needs to install the latest firmware on the switch to address a recently discovered vulnerability. Which of the following should the technician do to have a rollback plan in case of issues with the new firmware? (Choose two.)

    A. Label the switch with IP address and firmware version
    B. Draw the switchport diagram
    C. Create a change management document
    D. Draw the network rack logical diagram
    E. Confirm standard operating procedures documentation
    F. Create a performance baseline of the switch

Correct Answer: CF
Question #551 Topic 1

Which of the following statements about the OSI model is true?

    A. The application layer does not need to know what type of network is being used because that is dealt with by a layer below it.
    B. The network layer deals with the network cabling and network device interface compatibility.
    C. The transport layer deals with how the data is transported from one router to another based on the IP header.
    D. The model consists of four layers that describe the requirements a technician follows to troubleshoot and support a network.

Correct Answer: A
Question #552 Topic 1

Which of the following storage connection types should be used to allow the consolidation of the physical connections for SAN and LAN in just one Layer 2 protocol?

    A. Fibre Channel
    B. SCSI
    C. T1/E1
    D. FCoE

Correct Answer: D
Question #553 Topic 1

A network administrator is securing the wireless network in a multitenant building. The network uses a passphrase for authentication so it is easy to allow guests onto the wireless network, but management would like to prevent users from outside the office space from accessing the network. Which of the following security mechanisms would BEST meet this requirement?

    A. MAC filtering
    B. WPA-PSK
    C. 802.1X
    D. Geofencing

Correct Answer: D
Question #554 Topic 1

A technician is asked to provide centralized SSID management across the entire WAN. The BEST solution would be to:

    A. use a configuration management server
    B. configure a multilayer switch
    C. install a wireless controller
    D. use a proxy server

Correct Answer: C
Question #555 Topic 1

A network technician is coordinating the upgrade of the companyג€™s WAP firmware with all the remote locations. The company has occasionally experienced errors when transferring large files to some of the remote offices. Which of the following should be used to ensure files arrive without modifications?

    A. File hash
    B. Encryption
    C. FCS
    D. Compression

Correct Answer: A
Question #556 Topic 1

A network administrator needs to implement a new IP subnet containing 29 hosts. It is possible that the number of hosts in that subnet could eventually double.
The company only has a single, unused public IP network left to work with: 164.10.12.0/24. Which of the following would be the BEST way to divide this network without wasting addresses?

    A. 164.10.12.0/24
    B. 164.10.12.64/29
    C. 164.10.12.128/26
    D. 164.10.12.191/28

Correct Answer: C
Question #557 Topic 1

A network technician is reviewing the company phone system to make the necessary changes to a firewall configuration. Which of the following protocols are used in VoIP communication? (Choose two.)

    A. SIP
    B. NTP
    C. H.323
    D. SNMP
    E. IMAP
    F. SMB
    G. CSMA

Correct Answer: AC
Question #558 Topic 1

A school is implementing a wireless network and wants to ensure there is adequate coverage. The gymnasium has thick cinder-block walls, and there are several offices adjacent to it. Which of the following should the network technician recommend to ensure full coverage while minimizing the total number of APs purchased?

    A. Deploy two APs to the gymnasium with the maximum power level transmitting to cover the adjacent offices.
    B. Deploy a single AP to each adjacent office set to transmit at maximum power.
    C. Use a high-gain antenna on the AP in the gymnasium and install an AP in every other adjacent office.
    D. Use a spectrum analyzer to generate a heat map of the gymnasium to pinpoint AP placement.

Correct Answer: D
Question #559 Topic 1

Which of the following BEST describe the differences between an IDS and an IPS? (Choose two.)

    A. An IDS will detect traffic anomalies and a predefined signature pattern, alert and log them, and allow them through the network.
    B. An IDS will detect traffic anomalies, alert and log them, and block the traffic.
    C. An IDS will detect previously unknown traffic anomalies, alert and log them, and block the traffic.
    D. An IPS will detect traffic anomalies, alert and log them, and allow them through the network.
    E. An IPS will detect previously unknown traffic signatures, and alert and log them.
    F. An IPS will detect traffic anomalies and a predefined signature pattern, alert and log them, and block the traffic.

Correct Answer: AF
Question #560 Topic 1

A technician is required to install a new DOCSIS-based Internet connection. Which of the following medium types does this use?

    A. Cat6a
    B. RG-6
    C. UTP
    D. Multimode
    E. Single mode

Correct Answer: B
Question #561 Topic 1

HOTSPOT -
Corporate headquarters provided your office a portion of their class B subnet to use at a new office location.

Range Given: 172.30.232.0/24 -
✑ Sales 57 devices
✑ HR 23 devices
✑ IT 12 devices
✑ Finance 32 devices
✑ Marketing 9 devices

INSTRUCTIONS -
Allocate the minimum number of addresses (using CIDR notation) needed to accommodate each department.
After accommodating each department, identify the unused portion of the subnet by responding to the question on the graphic.
All drop downs must be filled.
If at any time you would like to bring back the initial state of the simulation, please click the Reset All button.

Hot Area:

Correct Answer:
Sales network ג€" /26 ג€" This will provide up to 62 usable IP addresses (64-2 for subnet and broadcast IP)
HR network - /27 ג€" This will provide for up to 30usable IPג€™s (32-2)
IT - /28 ג€" This will provide for up to 14 usable IPג€™s (16-2)
Finance - /26 ג€" Note that a /27 is 32 IP addresses but 2 of those are reserved for the network and broadcast IPג€™s and canג€™t be used for hosts.

Marketing - /28 -
If we add up how many IP blocks are used that is 64+32+16+64+16=192.
A /24 contains 256 IP addresses, so 256-192=64.
So the last unused box should be a /26, which equates to 64 addresses
Question #562 Topic 1

SIMULATION -
You have been tasked with setting up a wireless network in an office. The network will consist of 3 Access Points and a single switch. The network must meet the following parameters:
✑ The SSIDs need to be configured as CorpNet with a key of S3cr3t!
✑ The wireless signals should not interfere with each other.
✑ The subnet the Access Points and switch are on should only support 30 devices maximum.
✑ The Access Points should be configured to only support TKIP clients at a maximum speed.

INSTRUCTIONS -
Click on the devices to review their information and adjust the settings of the APs to meet the given requirements.
If any time you would like to bring back the initial state of the simulation, please click the Reset All button.




Correct Answer: See explanation below.
On the first exhibit, the layout should be as follows

Access Point Name AP1 -

IP Address 192.168.1.3 -

Gateway 192.168.1.2 -

SSID corpnet -

SSID Broadcast yes -

Mode G -

Channel 1 -

Speed Auto -

Duplex Auto -

WPA -
Passphrase S3cr3t!

Exhibit 2 as follows -

Access Point Name AP2 -

IP Address 192.168.1.4 -

Gateway 192.168.1.2 -

SSID corpnet -

SSID Broadcast yes -

Mode G -

Channel 6 -

Speed Auto -

Duplex Auto -

WPA -
Passphrase S3cr3t!

Exhibit 3 as follows -

Access Point Name AP3 -

IP Address 192.168.1.5 -

Gateway 192.168.1.2 -

SSID corpnet -

SSID Broadcast yes -

Mode G -

Channel 11 -

Speed Auto -

Duplex Auto -

WPA -
Passphrase S3cr3t!





Question #563 Topic 1

SIMULATION -
After recent changes to the pictured network, several users are unable to access the servers. Only PC1, PC2, PC3, and PC4 are clickable and will give you access to the command prompt and the adapter configuration tabs.

INSTRUCTIONS -
Verify the settings by using the command prompt, after making any system changes.
Next, restore connectivity by making the appropriate changes to the infrastructure.
If at any time you would like to bring back the initial state of the simulation, please click the Reset All button.









Correct Answer: See explanation below.
On PC3, change the subnet mask to 255.255.255.0. When it is set to 255.255.255.128, then the PC with a .129 address will not be on the same subnet as the default gateway which is .1 On PC4, change the default gateway to 10.0.2.1. It has been incorrectly set as 10.1.2.1.
Question #564 Topic 1

While reviewing switch logs, a network analyst notices many failed logon attempts followed by a successful logon from an unknown IP address. Which of the following hardening techniques should be utilized to prevent unauthorized access?

    A. Avoiding common passwords
    B. File hashing
    C. Disabling unused IP ports
    D. Using secure protocols

Correct Answer: A
Question #565 Topic 1

A small business utilizes a SOHO router and wishes to secure its existing wireless infrastructure. The business has fewer than ten devices, which are a mixture of old and new machines. Due to the varying ages of the machines, the latest wireless encryption methods may not be supported on all devices. Which of the following would be the MOST cost-effective method to add a layer of security while allowing all machines to connect?

    A. WPA2
    B. EAP-FAST
    C. MAC filtering
    D. 802.1X

Correct Answer: A
Question #566 Topic 1

Which of the following routing conventions is known as a link-state protocol?

    A. RIP
    B. BGP
    C. EIGRP
    D. OSPF

Correct Answer: D
Question #567 Topic 1

A technician is making the population of routers more secure. Which of the following are the BEST options for making authentication more secure? (Choose two.)

    A. Add a login banner.
    B. Disable unused services.
    C. Upgrade the firmware.
    D. Disable Telnet.
    E. Implement AAA.
    F. Disable SSH.

Correct Answer: DE
Question #568 Topic 1

A technician is installing six PCs and six VoIP telephones on a small office LAN. The VoIP telephones require QoS to be configured for proper operation. The customer router does not have QoS capability. Which of the following network devices should the technician purchase and install at this office?

    A. Managed PoE switch
    B. Load balancer
    C. Layer 3 switch
    D. Unmanaged PoE switch

Correct Answer: A
Question #569 Topic 1

A network administrator has signed up for service with a new ISP. The administrator was given the IP address of 172.17.10.254/30 to use on the external interface of the Internet-facing router. However, the network administrator cannot reach the Internet using that address. Which of the following is the MOST likely explanation?

    A. The address provided by the ISP has a mask that is too small to be used and needs a larger mask.
    B. The address provided by the ISP is a private IP address space and is not routable on the Internet.
    C. The address provided by the ISP is the wrong one; they should be using 172.17.10.252/30.
    D. The address provided by the ISP is part of the reserved loopback address space and cannot be used.

Correct Answer: B
Question #570 Topic 1

A company deploys many workers in the field who remotely access files from a server at headquarters. Leadership is concerned about the risks posed when field workers update these files from unsecured networks. Which of the following policy changes can the company make to MOST improve the confidentiality of connections when connecting remotely? (Choose two.)

    A. Implement SSL VPN connections from the remote devices to headquarters.
    B. Change file access protocols from SFTP to FTP on the remote devices.
    C. Utilize HTTPS to access the company intranet from remote devices.
    D. Configure WPA2 on the wireless networks at headquarters.
    E. Configure IMAP over port 143 for email access on remote devices.

Correct Answer: AC
Question #571 Topic 1

A manufacturing company has signed an agreement with another company to collaborate on an upcoming project. Both companies require secure and persistent access to resources on each other's networks. Which of the following remote access technologies should the companies implement to satisfy their requirements?

    A. Out-of-band management
    B. Site-to-site VPN
    C. DMZ networks
    D. SFTP site

Correct Answer: B
Question #572 Topic 1

A security administrator wants to implement the ability to prevent an unauthorized user from tailgating into the office building. Which of the following should be implemented?

    A. Badge reader
    B. Bluetooth reader
    C. Cipher lock
    D. Mantrap

Correct Answer: D
Question #573 Topic 1

Joe, a technician, was able to copy data at a site with no network equipment between two new laptops, featuring gigabit Ethernet ports, by using a regular straight- through patch cable. Joe then unsuccessfully tried to accomplish the same thing at a different site from his laptop with a gigabit Ethernet port to an older customer unit, which had a 10/100 network port. Which of the following is the cause of this?

    A. The customer's laptop does not support auto-MDIX.
    B. Joe's laptop does not support auto-MDIX.
    C. Straight-through patch cables are prone to crosstalk.
    D. The customer's laptop NIC does not support full duplex.

Correct Answer: A
Question #574 Topic 1

A network engineer has connected the storefront with the maintenance shed on the other side of a golf course using 802.11 wireless bridges and omnidirectional antennas. However, the signal strength is too weak. Which of the following is the MOST efficient and cost-effective solution to solve the issue?

    A. Replace the omnidirectional antennas with unidirectional antennas.
    B. Put protective enclosures around the omnidirectional antennas to prevent damage from golf balls.
    C. Replace the 802.11 wireless standard and use GSM instead.
    D. Replace the wireless bridges with wireless routers.

Correct Answer: A
Question #575 Topic 1

Which of the following would block access to an untagged port when connected to a Layer 2 device?

    A. BPDU guard
    B. Spanning tree
    C. Flood guard
    D. Root guard

Correct Answer: B
Question #576 Topic 1

Which of the following OSI layers contains the LLC function?

    A. Network
    B. Data link
    C. Session
    D. Transport

Correct Answer: B
Question #577 Topic 1

Which of the following BEST describes the RADIUS authentication service protocol?

    A. A protocol that sends passwords to the authentication server
    B. A protocol that sends encrypted tickets from the authentication server
    C. A protocol that sends X.500 service requests to the authentication server
    D. A protocol that sends configuration information from the authentication server

Correct Answer: D
Question #578 Topic 1

A company needs a secure way to provide building blueprints to an engineering partner frequently. The Chief Information Officer (CIO) states that a secure protocol must be used for transfer, and the partner needs to initiate a secure connection to the company's router. Which of the following would BEST meet the requirements? (Choose two.)

    A. Site-to-site VPN
    B. Client-to-site VPN
    C. RDP
    D. SSH
    E. SFTP
    F. Captive portal

Correct Answer: BE
Question #579 Topic 1

A network technician is installing a new PTZ camera for the security department. The camera is capable of being powered via the Ethernet cable, but it is not powering on. The network technician has tested the cable and received positive results. Which of the following is MOST likely the issue?

    A. The camera requires PoE+, but the switch is delivering only PoE.
    B. A straight-through cable is being used, but the camera requires a crossover cable.
    C. The camera is configured for the wrong segmented network.
    D. The cable has a bad pinout and needs to be reterminated.

Correct Answer: A
Question #580 Topic 1

A network technician attempts to limit access to a wireless network by using WPA2 and a pre-shared key; however, employees have been sharing this key with others. Which of the following methods should the technician configure on the wireless access point to ensure only corporate systems can connect using the least amount of effort?

    A. RADIUS
    B. EAP-TLS
    C. Port security
    D. MAC filtering

Correct Answer: D
Question #581 Topic 1

A technician purchasing equipment for a company has determined that several new employees will require new wired workstations. Which of the following is the network technician likely to recommend to add the employees to the existing infrastructure?

    A. Bridge
    B. WAP
    C. Hub
    D. Switch

Correct Answer: D
Question #582 Topic 1

Which of the following would be BEST for continually monitoring and alerting of possible attacks on a network?

    A. Conducting daily vulnerability scans
    B. Performing daily port scans
    C. Utilizing a protocol analyzer
    D. Using a SIEM
    E. Reviewing daily logs

Correct Answer: D
Question #583 Topic 1

A home user has contacted the help desk to transfer files from an old smartphone to a new one. The help desk analyst informs the home user this can be completed using Bluetooth. Which of the following types of topologies is this called?

    A. PAN
    B. LAN
    C. SAN
    D. WAN

Correct Answer: A
Question #584 Topic 1

A technician installed a new fiber optic cable to connect two sites. Although there is a link light on the port at each site, the customer reports traffic is dropping intermittently. Which of the following should the technician do NEXT to troubleshoot the issue?

    A. Check the interfaces for CRC errors.
    B. Check for a VLAN mismatch.
    C. Check for a TX/RX reverse on the connector.
    D. Check that the pinout is correct.

Correct Answer: A
Question #585 Topic 1

A new technician has been tasked with checking the status of a switchport. The technician needs to find the information quickly without the use of command-line utilities. Which of the following remote management methods would help the technician?

    A. SSH
    B. VNC
    C. RDP
    D. HTTPS

Correct Answer: A
Question #586 Topic 1

Which of the following manages the delegation of physical equipment to the virtual components?

    A. Virtual router
    B. Hypervisor
    C. Virtual switch
    D. Network card

Correct Answer: B
Question #587 Topic 1

Some users are reporting a high response time to access network resources after a new network router was installed. Which of the following documents should be updated every time a change is implemented on the network to have information about the metrics that represents how the network behaves during the normal scenarios?

    A. Logical diagram
    B. Performance baseline
    C. Change management documentation
    D. IDF/MDF documentation

Correct Answer: B
Question #588 Topic 1

A new DSL circuit was installed to replace the cable service and is not functioning. A network administrator needs to create a cable to connect the circuit. Which of the following connector types should the network administrator use on the cable?

    A. RJ11
    B. RJ45
    C. DB-25
    D. BNC

Correct Answer: A
Question #589 Topic 1

Ann, a network technician, has relocated a rack that contains the networking and server equipment from the third floor to the sixth floor. To connect the rack- mounted router to the media converter in the first-floor MDF, she extended the length of the original 197ft (60m) Cat5e cable to 395ft (120m) by attaching another
197ft (60m) cable with an RJ45 coupler. After the move, users report intermittent connectivity to external websites, although connectivity to internal hosts has not changed. Which of the following is a network performance issue that is MOST likely causing this issue?

    A. Attenuation
    B. Jitter
    C. Crosstalk
    D. Transceiver mismatch

Correct Answer: A
Question #590 Topic 1

A company will be hosting a large workshop for local business leaders, and management wants to provide an easy-to-connect-to guest wireless network for them to access while on site. The network will be disabled after the workshop. The current wireless network has the option to enable a segmented guest network that has not been implemented. Which of the following authentication methods should be used to make the network EASIEST for guests to access?

    A. Pre-shared key
    B. Open
    C. EAP-TLS
    D. WPA2

Correct Answer: B
Question #591 Topic 1

Which of the following allows for file-level network storage?

    A. SAN
    B. iSCSI
    C. FCoE
    D. NAS

Correct Answer: D
Question #592 Topic 1

A network technician needs to upgrade a production Windows server to the latest service pack. In which of the following should the work plan and recovery procedure be documented?

    A. IDF/MDF
    B. Change management
    C. SOPs
    D. Inventory management

Correct Answer: C
Question #593 Topic 1

A corporation has been the target of hackers who exploited TCP port 80. The network administrator is tasked with securing connections to the web server. Which of the following protocols should be implemented to BEST secure the web server? (Choose two.)

    A. HTTPS
    B. SSH
    C. TLS
    D. VNC
    E. RDP
    F. SFTP

Correct Answer: AC
Question #594 Topic 1

A network technician is installing a wireless solution. The solution needs to support new and legacy wireless network clients at the maximum possible speed.
Which of the following wireless standards should the technician install?

    A. 802.11a
    B. 802.11ac
    C. 802.11b
    D. 802.11g
    E. 802.11n

Correct Answer: E
Question #595 Topic 1

A network technician needs to create separate networks for several classrooms and administrative offices. They have been provided with the network address
192.168.1.0/24. They will need five classrooms of 25 hosts, two classrooms of 14 hosts, six admin hosts on the network, and three subnets for router connections.
Which of the following IP concepts would need to be deployed?

    A. VLSM
    B. Class B private network
    C. EUI-64
    D. IPv6

Correct Answer: A
Question #596 Topic 1

Which of the following components acts as an intermediary device between the internal userג€™s PC and external web servers to provide caching services that save on Internet bandwidth resources?

    A. Firewall
    B. Proxy server
    C. IDS
    D. Load balancer

Correct Answer: B
Question #597 Topic 1

Which of the following should a network administrator deploy to control all preventive security measures?

    A. UTM
    B. Firewall
    C. IDS
    D. Proxy

Correct Answer: A
Question #598 Topic 1

Which of the following steps is a network technician MOST likely to take to secure a new network printer? (Choose two.)

    A. Change the default credentials.
    B. Disable unnecessary services.
    C. Secure the physical access.
    D. Generate new encryption keys.
    E. Enable HTTPS access.
    F. Turn on WPS.

Correct Answer: AB
Question #599 Topic 1

A network administrator is deploying a new switch in an existing IDF. The current switch has only copper Ethernet ports available to use for the trunk ports. Which of the following cable types should the network administrator deploy?

    A. Straight-through
    B. Console
    C. Rollover
    D. Crossover

Correct Answer: D
Question #600 Topic 1

A switch is being configured for installation into a new building. The network design is such that the only DHCP server resides in the datacenter. A traditional three-layer network hierarchy is being used, and all buildings have a Layer 3 connection back to the core. Which of the following should the technician configure to get DHCP working properly in the new building?

    A. The SMTP relays in the datacenter
    B. The MAC address reservations
    C. The IP helper address on the switch
    D. The ARP forwarding on the switch

Correct Answer: C
Question #601 Topic 1

A web server administrator has changed the domain registrarג€™s A record for the companyג€™s website. External users can reach the website, but internal users are unable to do so. The web server is accessible by typing the internal IP into a web browser. Which of the following is the reason why the web server cannot be accessed?

    A. The NAT has not been configured to point to an internal resource.
    B. An egress firewall rule is blocking access to the web server.
    C. The IDS has determined it is a rogue web server.
    D. The corporate DNS server has not been updated.

Correct Answer: D
Question #602 Topic 1

Which of the following types of packets uses the 224.0.0.0/3 address space by routers to exchange routing information?

    A. Multicast
    B. Spanning tree
    C. ICMP
    D. SNMP

Correct Answer: A
Question #603 Topic 1

Joe, a network technician, has received a report that one of his clients is experiencing an issue connecting to the network. Joe observes two clients are connected to a hub, which is connected to separate wall jacks. Which of the following has MOST likely occurred?

    A. Switching loop
    B. ARP cache poisoning
    C. Improperly tagged ports
    D. Wrong VLAN assignment
    E. Duplicate IP addresses

Correct Answer: A
Question #604 Topic 1

A technician is working on a Linux VM in a lab environment to become more familiar with the operating system. The technician has configured a basic website and wants to allow access to it from a different machine on the local network. Which of the following should the technician do so other machines can connect?

    A. Allow communication through ifconfig.
    B. Use netstat to open necessary ports.
    C. Add access rules in iptables.
    D. Employ arp to configure a new route.

Correct Answer: C
Question #605 Topic 1

A network administrator notices a wireless network with the SSID HOME-33BC-5G that has a high signal strength and open authentication. When the administrator connects to the SSID, corporate servers can be accessed. Which of the following has the network administrator discovered?

    A. Evil twin
    B. Man in the middle
    C. Spoofing
    D. Rogue AP
    E. Wardriving

Correct Answer: D
Question #606 Topic 1

A company is starting a new process of allowing its employees to have the option of working from anywhere in the world. After some research and approval from the board of directors, it is time to implement the new process. Which of the following policies should be used for this new process?

    A. International export controls policy
    B. Remote access policy
    C. Privileged user agreement
    D. Data loss policy
    E. Service-level agreement

Correct Answer: B
Question #607 Topic 1

A network technician is working on a new wireless project. The network manager has a primary requirement of achieving speeds of at least 1 Gbps when connected. Which of the following standards would be appropriate for the technician to implement?

    A. 802.11a
    B. 802.11ac
    C. 802.11b
    D. 802.11n

Correct Answer: B
Question #608 Topic 1

A company needs to implement a fault-tolerant server configuration after the failure of its database server. The company decides to implement load-balancing redundant servers. Which of the following should be used for file storage for the servers?

    A. IDE
    B. Cloud storage
    C. SAN
    D. iSCSI

Correct Answer: C
Question #609 Topic 1

A network technician is attempting to update firmware on a router but cannot physically locate the router. Which of the following would show where to locate router?

    A. Diagram symbols
    B. Rack diagram
    C. Logical diagram
    D. Port locations

Correct Answer: B
Question #610 Topic 1

A network technician is assisting a SOHO environment with wireless connection issues. The business uses 802.11n and WPA2 encryption. The on-premises equipment is located toward the back of the building and includes a router, firewall, and WAP. The users at the front of the building are experiencing very slow response times due to distance limitations. Which of the following should be done to remediate the slow speeds of the users?

    A. Configure MIMO.
    B. Remove the channel overlap.
    C. Add another AP.
    D. Adjust the security type.

Correct Answer: C
Question #611 Topic 1

A system administrator reports that one of the two domain name servers does not seem to be responding to DNS requests from clients. The servers are both up and running, name service is running on them, and DNS requests appear in the logs. Both servers respond to queries made at the console. Which of the following tools should the systems administrator use to gather more information?

    A. Run a port scanner on each name server to ensure TCP port 53 is open and listening.
    B. Run tracert from a desktop client to query each name server and see what answers are sent back from each server.
    C. Ping the name servers by IP address to make sure they are up, and then ping each name server by name in case name resolution is not working for the server names.
    D. Generate DNS queries and use a packet sniffer to capture DNS traffic to/from both name servers and look for differences.

Correct Answer: C
Question #612 Topic 1

A network technician is segmenting a network to allow for unauthenticated public connections to a server. Which of the following devices would BEST safeguard the internal network from the public-facing server?

    A. Router
    B. Layer 3 switch
    C. Proxy server
    D. Firewall
    E. Intrusion detection system

Correct Answer: D
Question #613 Topic 1

A companyג€™s Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) has decided to increase overall network security by implementing two-factor authentication. All users already have username/password combinations and require an additional factor of authentication. Which of the following would satisfy the requirements?

    A. Additional PIN
    B. Security questions
    C. RSA token
    D. Access control lists

Correct Answer: C
Question #614 Topic 1

When trying to determine why users are unable to access a web-based application that was working the previous day, which of the following should be the FIRST question to ask to determine the scope of the issue?

    A. What has been changed on the web server since the previous day?
    B. Is the application online for the end user to access?
    C. Does the user have access to the application?
    D. Is this a system-wide issue or just a certain userג€™s issue?

Correct Answer: A
Question #615 Topic 1

A technician recently ran a new cable over fluorescent lighting. Assuming the technician used the appropriate cables, which of the following connectors should be used to terminate it?

    A. RJ11
    B. LC
    C. BNC
    D. F-type

Correct Answer: B
Question #616 Topic 1

A Chief Information Officer (CIO) wants a third party to verify the security surrounding an enterprise SQL database server. Which of the following services should the CIO implement?

    A. PCI compliance
    B. Database health check
    C. Penetration test
    D. Network baseline

Correct Answer: C
Question #617 Topic 1

An end user at an Internet cafe tries to visit an online retailerג€™s website; however, the website for a competitor loads. The user checks the URL in the address bar and verifies it is correct, but the competitorג€™s page still loads. Which of the following BEST describes what is occurring?

    A. Cross-site scripting
    B. Session hijacking
    C. Man in the middle
    D. DNS poisoning

Correct Answer: D
Question #618 Topic 1

A technician is troubleshooting a host that is having intermittent issues connecting to internal network resources and the company servers. Using a packet sniffer, the technician notices there are several TCP communications that are missing packets in sequence and need to be retransmitted. The technician receives several
SYN-ACK packets with incorrect addressing. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of these issues?

    A. DNS poisoning attack
    B. Evil twin on the company network
    C. ARP poisoning attack
    D. Misconfigured VLAN on the local switch

Correct Answer: C
Question #619 Topic 1

A security manager asks a technician to install a network device that will provide information about attacks against the network but will not stop them. Which of the following devices is MOST suited for this task?

    A. IDS
    B. IPS
    C. Layer 7 firewall
    D. RADIUS server

Correct Answer: A
Question #620 Topic 1

An attacker quickly gains administrative access to a network device. Which of the following MOST likely allowed the attacker to guess the password?

    A. Man in the middle
    B. A brute-force attack
    C. A hash comparison
    D. Rainbow tables

Correct Answer: D
Question #621 Topic 1

A network technician is supporting a library system that wants to streamline the checkout of books and media. Which of the following technologies will the technician MOST likely use to facilitate this initiative?

    A. IR
    B. Bluetooth
    C. PAN
    D. RFID

Correct Answer: D
Question #622 Topic 1

A switch vendor recently released a patch to fix a critical vulnerability found in its switch OS. Which of the following should a network administrator do NEXT according to best practices?

    A. Test the patch in a test environment.
    B. Put the patch into production immediately.
    C. Put the patch into production with a rollback plan.
    D. Choose a single production switch and pilot the patch.
    E. Put the patch into production at the next maintenance window.

Correct Answer: A
Question #623 Topic 1

Which of the following services describes a distribution model in which applications are hosted by a service provider and made available to users?

    A. PaaS
    B. SaaS
    C. IaaS
    D. MaaS

Correct Answer: B
Question #624 Topic 1

A company requires a network storage solution that allows for the use of OS-specific credentials and permissions. The company purchases a SOHO solution, which includes support for SMB, iSCSI, FTP, Telnet, and NFS natively out of the box. Which of the following should be done FIRST?

    A. Verify user credentials.
    B. Generate new keys and certificates.
    C. Disable unnecessary services.
    D. Hash files that will be stored.

Correct Answer: C
Question #625 Topic 1

A companyג€™s receptionist hands out slips of paper with access codes to visitors each day. A recent internal audit revealed the current method of guest access needs to be improved. Which of the following would improve the security of the guest network?

    A. Implement WPA2-PSK.
    B. Implement a captive portal.
    C. Implement certificate-based 802.1X.
    D. Implement MAC filtering.

Correct Answer: B
Question #626 Topic 1

A consulting company was hired to project and deploy a new datacenter in a different city. This new facility must have the same components installed as the current datacenter to be ready to take over all the network services as soon as the primary site becomes unavailable. Which of the following describes what will be deployed in the new location?

    A. Cold site
    B. Hot site
    C. Warm site
    D. Off-site backup
    E. Infrastructure as a service

Correct Answer: B
Question #627 Topic 1

A network administrator has configured the network on each floor of a four-story building to have the following different subnets: 10.0.10.0/24, 127.0.0.0/24,
172.16.0.0/24, and 192.168.255.0/24. After implementing these networks, the administrator realizes there has been a mistake. Which of the following BEST describes the mistake?

    A. 10.0.10.0/24 is not valid because 0 in the second octet cannot be used in the network portion of the IP address.
    B. 127.0.0.0/24 is the reserved loopback network and cannot be used for host networks.
    C. 172.16.0.0/24 is the reserved multicast network and cannot be used for host networks.
    D. 192.168.255.0/24 is not valid because 255 in the third octet cannot be used in the network portion of the IP address.

Correct Answer: B
Question #628 Topic 1

A company is redesigning its office to remove the divider walls between desks and create an open collaboration area. All network cables are run through the divider walls, and a new wireless network will be installed. Which of the following sets of documents will need to be revised based on the new configuration?

    A. Standard operating procedures and rack diagrams.
    B. Inventory management forms and MDF inventory forms
    C. Work instructions and performance baselines
    D. Physical network layout and port locations

Correct Answer: D
Question #629 Topic 1

Given the table below:

Which of the following addresses can Host E send a packet to that will reach Hosts C and D, but not Hosts A and B?

    A. 192.168.5.1
    B. 192.168.11.0
    C. 192.168.11.255
    D. 192.168.255.255

Correct Answer: C
Question #630 Topic 1

A senior technician is reconfiguring the companyג€™s firewall because a number of additional devices have been added to the network. The company has acquired a new VoIP phone system, and a group of junior technicians has set up an experimental lab with access to the Internet. Management has given the team latitude for research and development, but would like the company network to be secure and the performance to remain consistent with existing baselines. Which of the following would be the BEST method to reconfigure the network?

    A. The technician should put the junior teamג€™s lab in a VLAN and the phone system in the DMZ.
    B. The technician should put the junior teamג€™s lab in a DMZ and the phone system in a VLAN.
    C. The technician should put the junior teamג€™s lab in the LAN and the phone system in the WAN.
    D. The technician should put the junior teamג€™s lab in the WAN and the phone system in a WLAN

Correct Answer: B
Question #631 Topic 1

A network technician discovers there is no connectivity on a T1 line even though the cable connection appears to be in place. The router shows there is no active connection on the port. The issue is occurring between the demarcation point and the router port. The router cable tests fine and is terminated at the demarcation panel. Which of the following tools should be used to fix the issue?

    A. Punchdown tool
    B. Crimper
    C. OTDR
    D. Loopback adapter

Correct Answer: A
Question #632 Topic 1

Which of the following properties should be configured to extend logical network separation on an uplink interface to a second switch?

    A. 802.1Q trunking
    B. Multiple untagged ports
    C. Port mirroring
    D. Management VLAN

Correct Answer: A
Question #633 Topic 1

A new datacenter is being created, and management is trying to control access to that area. Which of the following are the BEST choices for providing access to the new datacenter? (Choose two.)

    A. Captive portal
    B. Wireless IP camera
    C. Biometrics
    D. Key fob
    E. Private key infrastructure
    F. Access control list

Correct Answer: CD
Question #634 Topic 1

A network technician is capturing packets on the network and notices a UDP packet stream from a phone to the PBX system. The payload of the packet shows the phone downloaded the file cm7910-sccp-load-2995.xml. Which of the following protocols was MOST likely used to download this file?

    A. SIP
    B. TFTP
    C. SSL
    D. ICMP

Correct Answer: B
Question #635 Topic 1

A server administrator is building an email server. To protect the corporate/internal network from external users, the email server should be placed:

    A. on the intranet.
    B. in a subnet isolated from the internal network.
    C. on the company LAN segment.
    D. in the DMZ.

Correct Answer: D
Question #636 Topic 1

A security manager asks the network administrator to block VoIP protocols using the default ports on the corporate firewall. Which of the following ports should be blocked to prevent this type of traffic from going outside the companyג€™s network? (Choose three.)

    A. 67
    B. 68
    C. 161
    D. 636
    E. 1720
    F. 5060
    G. 5061

Correct Answer: EFG
Question #637 Topic 1

When connecting to a network device through a remote connection for configuration purposes, which of the following protocols is MOST secure?

    A. SFTP
    B. SSH
    C. SNMPv1
    D. LDAPS

Correct Answer: B
Question #638 Topic 1

A network technician is helping an end user who is working on a spreadsheet for a very important client. The client can see the file on the remote share but is not able to open the document to print it. This issue is associated with which of the following OSI layers?

    A. Layer 2
    B. Layer 3
    C. Layer 6
    D. Layer 7

Correct Answer: D
Question #639 Topic 1

A network device compares a computed value of its major software components against a stored value. While the network device is loading, the device halts and alerts the administrator that the values are different. Which of the following is the name of the value in use, and what does this process provide? (Choose two.)

    A. A snapshot
    B. A hash
    C. A password service
    D. A key
    E. Provides authentication
    F. Provides integrity
    G. Provides confidentiality
    H. Provides availability

Correct Answer: BF
Question #640 Topic 1

A flood disables the equipment in a companyג€™s server room. When implementing the disaster recovery plan, all operations are immediately transitioned to another location with momentary downtime. This is an example of a:

    A. warm site.
    B. cold site.
    C. snapshot.
    D. hot site.

Correct Answer: D
Question #641 Topic 1

A network administrator is reviewing security logs and notes a strange IP address logging into the management console of a switch. The administrator verifies the switch is not using default credentials. Which of the following steps should the administrator take NEXT?

    A. Implement restrictions via ACL.
    B. Update firmware to the current version.
    C. Disable unnecessary services.
    D. Check the hash of the running firmware.

Correct Answer: A
Question #642 Topic 1

Management asks a network technician to install a new connection between two main locations. Management requests that the connection be the fastest possible for data replication. Which of the following would be the MOST appropriate type?

    A. PRI
    B. ADSL
    C. T3/E3
    D. ISDN

Correct Answer: C
Question #643 Topic 1

A user in the finance department can access the department printer and file server yet is unable to print to the marketing departmentג€™s printer. A technician runs ipconfig and sees the following output:
IPv4 Address. . . . . . . . . . . : 192.168.0.101
Subnet Mask . . . . . . . . . . . : 255.255.255.0
Default Gateway . . . . . . . . . : 192.168.1.1
The technician has verified the userג€™s PC is in the proper VLAN and sees an UP/UP status on the switchport. Which of the following is MOST likely causing the issue?

    A. The userג€™s IP is the broadcast address.
    B. The two printers share the same IP address.
    C. There is an incorrect default gateway on the userג€™s PC.
    D. The ARP table on the switch has not been cleared.

Correct Answer: C
Question #644 Topic 1

A wireless technician needs to deploy a single 802.11 standard that supports both 2.4GHz and 5GHz frequencies with up to 40MHz channel widths. Which of the following wireless standards should the technician configure?

    A. ac
    B. b
    C. g
    D. n

Correct Answer: D
Question #645 Topic 1

To increase security and usability of the wireless network, a back-end RADIUS server is used to authenticate users. Which of the following encryptions methods should be used to accomplish this?

    A. WPA2-Personal
    B. WPA2-Enterprise
    C. WPA
    D. WEP

Correct Answer: B
Question #646 Topic 1

A network technician is investigating a device that has been reported as responding slowly. Which of the following should the technician check FIRST?

    A. Power status
    B. Traffic analysis
    C. Logical diagram
    D. Utilization

Correct Answer: D
Question #647 Topic 1

A network engineer utilizes a box of Cat5e cable in a datacenter for use between 10Gbps switches in a single rack. After the engineer finishes the installation, switch administrators notice random speed drops and intermittent connection issues. Which of the following is this an example of?

    A. Incorrect cable type
    B. Attenuation
    C. Incorrect pinout
    D. Bad ports

Correct Answer: A
Question #648 Topic 1

A document outlining the types of actions allowed on the corporate network would be BEST defined as an:

    A. AUP.
    B. NDA.
    C. MOU.
    D. MOA.

Correct Answer: A
Question #649 Topic 1

Which of the following may state: ג€Employees may not browse social media websites from company-owned computers?ג€

    A. AUP
    B. BYOD
    C. NDA
    D. SLA

Correct Answer: A
Question #650 Topic 1

A technician is performing a site survey in an area of a university where both faculty and students are reporting poor performance of their wireless connections.
The technician gathers the following data in the problem area:

Which of the following would MOST likely resolve the issue?

    A. There are too many wireless clients. Increase the number of APs to handle the traffic load.
    B. The SNR is not at an acceptable level. Change the channel on the APs.
    C. The signal strength is too low. Replace the equipment with devices that have better radio antennas.
    D. The channel numbers on some APs are invalid. Switch AP2 and AP3 to use channel 1.
    E. The type of antenna is inappropriate for the environment. Switch to 13dBi Yagi antennas.

Correct Answer: B
Question #651 Topic 1

A company recently completed construction of a new remote office. The network administrator needs to set up new network devices, such as printers and a local file server, at the remote location. The new devices need to be configured on the same Layer 2 network as the main office. Which of the following should the network administrator configure?

    A. Remote desktop gateway
    B. Transport mode IPSec
    C. SSH tunneling
    D. TLS VPN

Correct Answer: D
Question #652 Topic 1

A lab environment hosts Internet-facing web servers and other experimental machines, which technicians use for various tasks. A technician installs software on one of the web servers to allow communication to the companyג€™s file server, but it is unable to connect to it. Other machines in the building are able to retrieve files from the file server. Which of the following is the MOST likely reason the web server cannot retrieve the files, and what should be done to resolve the problem?

    A. The lab environmentג€™s IDS is blocking the network traffic. The technician can whitelist the new application in the IDS.
    B. The lab environment is located in the DMZ, and traffic to the LAN zone is denied by default. The technician can move the computer to another zone or request an exception from the administrator.
    C. The lab environment has lost connectivity to the company router, and the switch needs to be rebooted. The technician can get the key to the wiring closet and manually restart the switch.
    D. The lab environment is currently set up with hubs instead of switches, and the requests are getting bounced back. The technician can submit a request for upgraded equipment to management.

Correct Answer: B
Question #653 Topic 1

An organization wants to implement a method of centrally managing logins to network services. Which of the following protocols should the organization use to allow for authentication, authorization, and auditing?

    A. MS-CHAP
    B. RADIUS
    C. LDAPS
    D. RSTP

Correct Answer: B
Question #654 Topic 1

A network administrator has set up a corporate network at a branch office. Users are able to log into the wireless network with their network credentials after they accept the company root certificate. Which of the following is the wireless network MOST likely using?

    A. WPA2 Enterprise with PSK
    B. WPA2 Personal with PEAP
    C. WPA2 Enterprise with Kerberos
    D. WPA2 Personal with LEAP

Correct Answer: C
Question #655 Topic 1

Ann, a network technician, set up a new server and enabled the host-based firewall. She attempts to connect to the server from several different workstations using RDP but is not successful. Which of the following ports on the firewall should she verify is open?

    A. 22
    B. 389
    C. 443
    D. 3389

Correct Answer: D
Question #656 Topic 1

A network administrator is setting up a wireless network with poor security for a computer science class to hack. Which of the following security methods would be
MOST easily circumvented?

    A. MAC filtering
    B. WPA
    C. WPA2
    D. Shared key

Correct Answer: D
Question #657 Topic 1

Given the table below:

Which of the following describes the output?

    A. Error rate
    B. Network baseline
    C. Traffic analysis
    D. Port scan

Correct Answer: D
Question #658 Topic 1

Which of the following are reasons for enabling jumbo frames? (Choose two.)

    A. To increase payload size
    B. To increase bandwidth
    C. To provide additional SANs storage capacity
    D. To implement larger SQL queries
    E. To reduce CPU overhead

Correct Answer: AB
Question #659 Topic 1

A technician set up a small network, which is not connected to the company LAN, for several employees to play a peer-to-peer networking game during breaks.
The users know how to set up the software, but they do not know anything about networking. The technician has wired the network but has not configured any networking information and does not want the employees to have access outside the network. Which of the following should be used to apply addressing to the network?

    A. NAT
    B. VLSM
    C. APIPA
    D. CIDR

Correct Answer: C
Question #660 Topic 1

A network manager has received reports that some employees have been using the companyג€™s WiFi to log onto their social media accounts from their personal devices. The network manager is looking for a solution to prevent this type of activity. The Chief Information Officer (CIO) wants to continue using a pre-shared key and add an additional layer of security to allow only authorized users to authenticate to the WiFi. Which of the following solutions would address this request?
(Choose two.)

    A. Port security
    B. MAC filtering
    C. Geofencing
    D. 802.1X
    E. Proxy server
    F. SSO

Correct Answer: BD
Question #661 Topic 1

A network administrator discovered a rogue access point was sending a signal from inside the corporate headquarters. Which of the following would prevent the access point from providing access to the companyג€™s internal network?

    A. Disabling unnecessary services
    B. Placing unused ports in a separate VLAN
    C. Enabling BPDU guard
    D. Configuring a geofence at the corporate boundary

Correct Answer: B
Question #662 Topic 1

A network technician is reviewing network logs and notices about 30,000 different hosts have been trying to hit the company employeesג€™ database server for the past week. However, none of the hosts are known to the network. Which of the following is MOST likely occurring within the network?

    A. ARP poisoning
    B. Brute forcing
    C. SQL injection
    D. Distributed DoS

Correct Answer: D
Question #663 Topic 1

To which of the following does a BYOD policy pertain?

    A. Confidentiality of company information
    B. Employment of ex-staff by a companyג€™s competitors
    C. Use of company assets and resources
    D. Use of personal equipment on the company network

Correct Answer: D
Question #664 Topic 1

A network technician is preparing for an upcoming department expansion project and is reviewing the standard on private IP addressing. Which of the following IP addresses fall into these address ranges? (Choose two.)

    A. 172.30.11.11
    B. 172.32.33.33
    C. 172.33.44.44
    D. 192.168.200.201
    E. 192.169.3.125

Correct Answer: AD
Question #665 Topic 1

A network engineer is adding a switch uplink to an existing IDF. Upon inspection, the engineer finds that there are only two strands of single-mode fiber in the IDF, and both strands are in use. Which of the following solutions should the engineer use to provide an additional switch uplink without installing new fiber optic cabling?

    A. Install bidirectional transceivers.
    B. Install SFP+ transceivers.
    C. Install media converters.
    D. Install duplex transceivers.

Correct Answer: A
Question #666 Topic 1

Which of the following DHCP settings defines the range of dynamic IP addresses?

    A. Exclusions
    B. Pool
    C. Reservations
    D. Scope options

Correct Answer: B
Question #667 Topic 1

A technician has designed a LAN with redundant switches. Which of the following should be configured to ensure network availability?

    A. VLAN
    B. Scope options
    C. Spanning tree
    D. Flood guard

Correct Answer: C
Question #668 Topic 1

Which of the following devices acts as a multiport repeater at the physical layer of the OSI model?

    A. Switch
    B. Bridge
    C. Hub
    D. Transceiver

Correct Answer: C
Question #669 Topic 1

A network technician is installing a network printer in a factory setting. The connection from the switch contains an LC connector, yet the printer only supports an
RJ45 connector. Which of the following should the technician use?

    A. Range extender
    B. Media converter
    C. Multilayer switch
    D. Load balancer

Correct Answer: B
Question #670 Topic 1

A network technician is investigating why a user cannot print to the network printer. The technician wants to determine if anything has changed. Which of the following actions would be the BEST example of this troubleshooting step?

    A. Attempt to log in from another computer with the userג€™s credentials.
    B. Log into the switch and reconfigure the printer port.
    C. Review the maintenance logs from the night before.
    D. Reinstall print drivers on the userג€™s machine.

Correct Answer: C
Question #671 Topic 1

Which of the following can be used to enable and translate the communication between legacy non-IP phone systems with solutions for voice communications that can run over the Internet?

    A. Media converter
    B. RTP
    C. ISDN service
    D. VoIP gateway
    E. SIP trunk

Correct Answer: D
Question #672 Topic 1

A host has an IP address of 172.28.57.144 and is on the 172.28.57.128 subnet. Which of the following is a correct subnet mask of the host?

    A. 255.255.255.0
    B. 255.255.255.192
    C. 255.255.255.240
    D. 255.255.255.248

Correct Answer: B
Question #673 Topic 1

Which of the following relies on metrics such as total number of connections or CPU/RAM usage to help maintain performance and availability?

    A. Round robin
    B. Distributed file system
    C. NIC teaming
    D. Load balancing

Correct Answer: D
Question #674 Topic 1

A network technician is running copper cable from a core switch to a network closet that is approximately 574ft (175m) away. Which of the following should the technician use to accomplish this?

    A. Bridge
    B. Hub
    C. Patch panel
    D. Load balancer

Correct Answer: A
Question #675 Topic 1

Joe, an employee, wants to copy text from a message on his corporate email account to a new message on his personal email account. However, the copy and paste functions of the clipboard are grayed out and unavailable. Which of the following policies would be responsible for this behavior?

    A. Remote access policy
    B. Licensing policy
    C. BYOD policy
    D. DLP policy

Correct Answer: D
Question #676 Topic 1

A network administrator has been experiencing slow performance and file errors when attempting to utilize server utilities. The administrator needs to ensure the system files on the server have not been modified. Which of the following should be used to ensure the server files have not been compromised?

    A. Performance baseline
    B. File hash
    C. Iptables
    D. tcpdump

Correct Answer: B
Question #677 Topic 1

A network technician is helping to install 50 Cat6a drops from usersג€™ computers into an IDF. Which of the following is the termination point at the IDF?

    A. A breakout box
    B. A 66 block
    C. A 110 block
    D. A patch panel

Correct Answer: C
Question #678 Topic 1

Which of the following would MOST likely provide continuous power during a short brownout?

    A. Uninterruptible power supply
    B. Hot site
    C. Cold site
    D. Generator
    E. Redundant power supplies

Correct Answer: A
Question #679 Topic 1

A network analyzer captures traffic from a host that is sending 802.1q traffic to a Layer 3 switch. Which of the following attacks is occurring?

    A. MITM
    B. VLAN hopping
    C. ARP poisoning
    D. Spoofing

Correct Answer: B
Question #680 Topic 1

A network administrator needs to install a new 6U switch in the third-floor IDF. Which of the following should the administrator consult to make sure space is available?

    A. Network baseline documentation
    B. Rack diagram
    C. Inventory management documentation
    D. Logical diagram

Correct Answer: B
Question #681 Topic 1

A network technician needs to install new network cables. The technician will be running the cables in the air return space above the drop ceiling. Which of the following cable types should be installed?

    A. Plenum
    B. Coaxial
    C. Shielded twisted pair
    D. Fiber optic

Correct Answer: A
Question #682 Topic 1

Which of the following can be used to provide connectivity to a network storage server without the need for dedicated switches and cabling? (Choose two.)

    A. Fibre Channel
    B. FCoE
    C. InfiniBand
    D. iSCSI
    E. SATA

Correct Answer: BD
Question #683 Topic 1

A network administrator is creating a new WLAN that should only be used by legacy devices that do not support a secure method of authentication. Which of the following should be configured to provide connectivity and minimal security to the new network? (Choose two.)

    A. Pre-shared key
    B. Open authentication
    C. PEAP
    D. MAC filtering
    E. EAP-FAST
    F. EAP-TLS

Correct Answer: AD
Question #684 Topic 1

A new employee is unable to access any network resources. All other users are able to access the network at 100Mbps. No IP address, subnet mask, or default gateway is displayed on the new employee's workstation. The network administrator reterminates all connectors using the correct standard. Upon further investigation, the network administrator also notices the following:
Wire map results from the user patch cable to the patch cable connecting to the switch:
✑ Pins 5 and 7 are short.
✑ The distance is 200ft (61m).
Additional observations on the switch:
✑ The VLAN is set correctly.
✑ The port is not disabled.
✑ The duplex/speed settings are correct.
✑ Port LEDs are off for that port.
✑ The port is set to untagged.
Which of the following is the MOST likely reason the new employee is having network issues?

    A. Bad switchport
    B. Incorrect pinout
    C. Open/short
    D. VLAN mismatch
    E. Distance limitation

Correct Answer: A
Question #685 Topic 1

Which of the following would MOST likely contain information about credential reuse?

    A. Acceptable use policy
    B. Password policy
    C. Non-disclosure agreement
    D. Remote access policy

Correct Answer: B
Question #686 Topic 1

An ARP request is broadcasted and sends the following request:
"Who is 192.168.1.200? Tell 192.168.1.55"
At which of the following layers of the OSI model does this request operate?

    A. Application
    B. Data link
    C. Transport
    D. Network E: Session

Correct Answer: B
Question #687 Topic 1

A network technician needs to replace a failed hard drive on a server at the companyג€™s large, remote datacenter. Which of the following types of documentation should be reviewed to locate this server easily?

    A. Logical diagrams
    B. Rack diagrams
    C. Change management
    D. Standard operating procedures

Correct Answer: B
Question #688 Topic 1

A VoIP device is not getting power at a new userג€™s desk. The technician tests the components with a PoE injector at the switch and resolves the issue. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of the issue?

    A. VLAN mismatch
    B. Bad switchport
    C. TX/RX reverse
    D. Latency
    E. Damaged cable

Correct Answer: E
Question #689 Topic 1

A network manager is drafting a document that outlines what employees can and cannot do when using personal tablets that are connected to the network. Which of the following is the manager drafting?

    A. An AUP policy
    B. A BYOD policy
    C. A DLP policy
    D. An NDA policy

Correct Answer: B
Question #690 Topic 1

A network technician is asked to perform an unfamiliar task. Which of the following would the technician MOST likely reference?

    A. Network configuration
    B. Change management documentation
    C. Work instructions
    D. Performance baseline

Correct Answer: C
Question #691 Topic 1

A user is reporting poor network performance. A network technician starts by looking at port statistics on that userג€™s connected switchport. The technician notices there is a high level of collisions on the port. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause?

    A. The port or userג€™s NIC is set to auto-MDIX.
    B. The port and/or userג€™s NIC is set to half-duplex.
    C. The port and/or userג€™s NIC is set to the wrong MTU.
    D. The port and userג€™s NIC are set to different speeds.

Correct Answer: B
Question #692 Topic 1

Which of the following is a purpose of a syslog server?

    A. Aggregates switch logs for easier review and correlation
    B. Polls SNMP-enabled server logs for current status
    C. Distributes logging applications to monitoring servers
    D. Purges switch logs when they reach capacity

Correct Answer: A
Question #693 Topic 1

Which of the following devices will intelligently attempt to relieve the network of an assumed threat after sampling a packet stream?

    A. IDS
    B. Content filter
    C. Firewall
    D. IPS

Correct Answer: D
Question #694 Topic 1

The lack of which of the following components might make a virtual router less efficient than a physical router?

    A. ASIC
    B. Hardware MAC
    C. Jumbo frame
    D. MPLS

Correct Answer: A
Question #695 Topic 1

A company has a DNS record for the following address: products.companyXYZ.com. The company would like to add another record, sales.companyXYZ.com, which continually points to the same IP address as products.companyXYZ.com. Which of the following DNS record types would BEST accomplish this?

    A. MX
    B. CNAME
    C. SRV
    D. A
    E. AAAA
    F. PTR

Correct Answer: B
Question #696 Topic 1

A wireless network is set up in a mesh configuration that has experienced recent growth. Some of the access points are four hops away in the mesh network.
Users at these access points are reporting slow download speeds despite being the sole users on the access point. Which of the following would BEST resolve this issue?

    A. Add more access points to the mesh network.
    B. Increase transmit power levels on the access points.
    C. Physically connect more access points.
    D. Change the antenna type on the WAPs.

Correct Answer: C
Question #697 Topic 1

A network administrator needs to access a remote site and log into the site switch using secure methods. The administrator first has to gain access to the server
GUI. Which of the following access control methods will be used?

    A. RDP
    B. VPN
    C. Telnet
    D. SSH

Correct Answer: A
Question #698 Topic 1

A company wants to provide its sales representatives with an easy-to-use method of securely connecting to the corporate network from any client network. Which of the following methods should the network technician implement?

    A. Allow RDP connections through the firewall.
    B. Install VNC clients on the sales representativesג€™ machines.
    C. Create an SSL VPN for remote access to the network.
    D. Place all servers in the publicly available DMZ.

Correct Answer: C
Question #699 Topic 1

A network administrator is attempting to limit the installation of malware on company workstations. The administrator wants to remove root access from the user accounts. Which of the following is this an example of?

    A. Changing default credentials
    B. Limiting spoofing
    C. Role separation
    D. Port security

Correct Answer: C
Question #700 Topic 1

Which of the following represents where the ISPג€™s WAN connection is handed off to the local network?

    A. Demilitarized zone
    B. Intermediate distribution frame
    C. Extranet
    D. Demarcation point

Correct Answer: D
Question #701 Topic 1

A NGFW is continuously sending alerts regarding traffic from an internal database server. An old DHCP service, which was used before a dedicated server was installed, is still running on the server. Which of the following practices could have prevented this incident?

    A. Preventing UDP on the host firewall
    B. Enabling DHCP relay
    C. Disabling unused services
    D. Disabling DHCP spoofing

Correct Answer: C
Question #702 Topic 1

A user is connected to the guest wireless network for a video conference with colleagues. The userג€™s computer shows a strong wireless signal, and websites seem to load without issue, but the voice and video have periods of choppiness. Which of the following would BEST identify the issue?

    A. Verify the wireless capacity is not exceeded.
    B. Check the signal attenuation.
    C. Increase the power transmission level.
    D. Adjust the antenna placement.

Correct Answer: A
Question #703 Topic 1

An ISP technician frequently needs to administer a router remotely in the event of a configuration error or WAN outage. Which of the following technologies would facilitate the required connectivity?

    A. Remote access VPN
    B. Remote file access
    C. Out-of-band
    D. Secure Shell

Correct Answer: D
Question #704 Topic 1

Employees at a company report that they are unable to access the Internet. A network technician notices the workstations are receiving IP addresses that do not follow the IP addressing scheme of the corporate network. Upon further inspection, the technician finds an employee has plugged a rogue wireless router into the corporate network. Which of the following settings would have prevented this situation?

    A. DHCP snooping
    B. DHCP relay
    C. DHCP leasing
    D. DHCP options

Correct Answer: A
Question #705 Topic 1

Which of the following protocols operates at the data link layer of the OSI model?

    A. IGRP
    B. BGP
    C. PPP
    D. FTP

Correct Answer: C
Question #706 Topic 1

Several open conference rooms have active wired network connections. To discourage unauthorized users, a network technician wants to require users in the conference rooms to authenticate to the network before gaining access. Which of the following would be the BEST network technology to use?

    A. WPA
    B. MAC filtering
    C. ACLs
    D. 802.1X

Correct Answer: D
Question #707 Topic 1

Which of the following describes the function of Layer 3 of the OSI model?

    A. It provides sequencing and acknowledgments for connection-oriented communication.
    B. It provides connectionless communication using logical addressing.
    C. It provides error detection through the FCS for frames transmitted.
    D. It provides encryption and compression for data received.

Correct Answer: B
Question #708 Topic 1

Which of the following ports should be open on a host-based firewall for a user who needs email and file-sharing capabilities? (Choose two.)

    A. 21
    B. 88
    C. 389
    D. 445
    E. 587
    F. 3389

Correct Answer: AE
Question #709 Topic 1

Which of the following steps follows an implemented solution?

    A. Document the findings and actions.
    B. Identify potential effects of the solution.
    C. Verify full system functionality.
    D. Implement preventative measures.

Correct Answer: C
Question #710 Topic 1

A network technician receives an update in an RSS feed that a new exploit was released for specific hardware used on the network. After verifying the vulnerability with the vendor, the network technician discovers the vulnerability was patched almost two years ago. Which of the following techniques should be implemented to discover out-of-date firmware in the future?

    A. Application fuzzing
    B. Malware signature management
    C. Network traffic analysis with tcpdump
    D. Vulnerability scanning

Correct Answer: D
Question #711 Topic 1

A network technician needs a secure way to access a router in another country. Which of the following methods would meet this requirement?

    A. SSH connection
    B. Device HTTP URL
    C. TFTP upload
    D. GRE tunnel

Correct Answer: A
Question #712 Topic 1

A technician needs to connect several computers in close proximity to control manufacturing equipment in a factory. The medium to connect the computers must be cost effective and suitable for short distances. Which of the following mediums should the technician use?

    A. RJ11 connector and Cat6 cable
    B. ST connector and UTP cable
    C. DB-9 connector and plenum cable
    D. BNC connector and RG-59 cable

Correct Answer: D
Question #713 Topic 1

A network technician is troubleshooting a laptop that does not have wireless connectivity. The technician determines the wireless network is functioning as expected. The laptop does not show any SSIDs or allow the technician to modify network settings. Which of the following should the technician check FIRST?

    A. Check for overcapacity of the network.
    B. Ensure wireless is enabled on the laptop.
    C. Confirm the power levels of the WAP.
    D. Assess the antenna placement.
    E. Verify network drivers are up-to-date.

Correct Answer: B
Question #714 Topic 1

A network technician is implementing a new IPv6 addressing scheme at a local office. This is a large office, and the network manager would like a solution that saves time and allows for automatic addressing of nodes. Which of the following would BEST accomplish this?

    A. APIPA
    B. 6to4 tunnel
    C. NAT64
    D. EUI-64

Correct Answer: A
Question #715 Topic 1

A network administrator notices that network utilization is extremely high around midnight and wonders if this is normal or if there might be a security issue. Which of the following types of documentation should the administrator consult FIRST?

    A. Change management documentation
    B. Standard operating procedures
    C. Network performance baseline
    D. Firewall configuration documentation

Correct Answer: A
Question #716 Topic 1

A network technician needs to dedicate a range of addresses in DHCP for statically assigned servers and network devices. Which of the following should be configured to BEST accomplish this?

    A. Static addressing
    B. Subnetting
    C. Advertisements
    D. Exclusions

Correct Answer: D
Question #717 Topic 1

A network administrator needs to create a network for 4,000 devices while conserving address space. Which of the following subnet masks should be used on this network?

    A. 255.254.0.0
    B. 255.255.224.0
    C. 255.255.240.0
    D. 255.255.248.0
    E. 255.255.255.240

Correct Answer: C
Question #718 Topic 1

A network technician needs to administer the desktop of a Linux-based workstation remotely on the local network. Which of the following remote access methods should the network technician use?

    A. VNC
    B. RDP
    C. SSH
    D. VPN

Correct Answer: C
Question #719 Topic 1

A network technician is upgrading the software on a switch, but the switch will no longer boot after the upgrade. Which of the following should the network technician have verified before the upgrade?

    A. Unnecessary services disabled
    B. Secure protocols in use
    C. Firmware file hash
    D. Network ports disabled

Correct Answer: C
Question #720 Topic 1

Devices on a network will need to obtain DHCP leases from a server on a different network. Which of the following must the engineer implement for DHCP to forward requests to the designated server?

    A. Trunking
    B. A forward lookup zone
    C. A proxy server
    D. An IP helper

Correct Answer: D
Question #721 Topic 1

A network administrator it concerned about the management traffic between a machine and the corporate router. Which of the following protocols should the administrator use to prevent a security breach?

    A. VNC
    B. SSH
    C. RDP
    D. SFTP

Correct Answer: B
Question #722 Topic 1

Which of the following BEST describes a VLAN hopping attack?

    A. An attacker gains unauthorized access to a network by overflowing the CAM table.
    B. An attacker gains unauthorized access to a network by placing a rogue AP on the network.
    C. An attacker gains unauthorized access to a network by using double-tagged packets.
    D. An attacker gains unauthorized access to a network by scanning and mapping it.

Correct Answer: C
Question #723 Topic 1

A vendor has installed new wireless access points in an office. After completing the installation, users in one area of the office report they cannot connect to the wireless network. A network technician confirms the users in that area cannot see the wireless SSID. Which of the following MOST likely explains the issue?

    A. The AP power levels are too low.
    B. The wireless network is over capacity.
    C. A directional antenna was installed incorrectly.
    D. The channels are overlapping.

Correct Answer: C
Question #724 Topic 1

A switch at a remote site suddenly appears to be inaccessible. No configuration changes were made. An engineer confirms with the office attendant that the switch is powered on, and there are LEDs showing green and amber colors. However, the SFP for the fiber connection from the switch to the router shows no lighted LED. After replacing the cable and SFP with new ones, the LED still does not light up, and no connection is made. Which of the following is the MOST likely issue?

    A. Disabled port
    B. Electromagnetic interference
    C. Incorrect gateway
    D. Hardware failure
    E. Wrong cable type
    F. Unresponsive service

Correct Answer: D
Question #725 Topic 1

A wireless administrator has configured a secure wireless network that can only be associated to specific domain accounts. This was done to help mitigate any ricks associated with the wireless signal propagating outside of the facility. Which of the following has no administrator implemented?

    A. NAC
    B. Implicit deny
    C. WPA2
    D. Geofencing

Correct Answer: C
Question #726 Topic 1

A SaaS provider has decided to leave an unpatched VM available via a public DMZ port. With which of the following concepts is this technique MOST closely associated?

    A. Insider threat
    B. War driving
    C. Evil twin
    D. Honeypot

Correct Answer: D
Question #727 Topic 1

A network administrator is setting up several IoT devices on a new VLAN and wants to accomplish the following:
1. Reduce manual configuration on each system.
2. Assign a specific IP address to each system.
3. Allow devices to move to different switchports on the same VLAN.
Which of the following should the network administrator do to accomplish these requirements?

    A. Set up a reservation for each device.
    B. Configure a static IP on each device.
    C. Implement private VLANs for each device.
    D. Use DHCP exclusions to address each device.

Correct Answer: A
Question #728 Topic 1

A company needs to create a new website for the delivery of secure content to and from specific customers. The Chief Information Officer (CIO) states as a requirement the creation of a secure connection between the client's machine and the website every time the content is accessed. This should be accomplished without requiring the installation of any client software. Which of the following should be used in this scenario?

    A. Site-to-site VPN
    B. GRE
    C. MPLS
    D. SSL

Correct Answer: D
Question #729 Topic 1

Joe, an ex-employee from accounting, changed the configurations on several network devices on his last day of work. Which of the following is the MOST likely reason a non-IT employee was able to gain access to network devices?

    A. Left virtual ports open
    B. Allowed unsecure protocols
    C. Left default passwords
    D. Allowed unnecessary services

Correct Answer: C
Question #730 Topic 1

Which of the following protocols is used during web browsing to resolve website names?

    A. HTTP
    B. LDAP
    C. SNMP
    D. DNS

Correct Answer: D
Question #731 Topic 1

A company plans to deploy a web server securely on the network to be accessible from the Internet. In which of the following locations should the web server be placed?

    A. IDF
    B. WAN
    C. LAN
    D. DMZ

Correct Answer: D
Question #732 Topic 1

A site was hit with ransomware on two occasions in the past month. Which of the following would be the BEST solution for a technician who wants to reduce this frequency?

    A. Proxy server
    B. UTM appliance
    C. RADIUS server
    D. Content filter

Correct Answer: B
Question #733 Topic 1

Which of the following components should be used to provide interconnectivity between virtual machines in distinct broadcast domains inside the hypervisorג€™s environment?

    A. Virtual router
    B. Virtual switch
    C. Virtual NIC
    D. Virtual SAN

Correct Answer: A
Question #734 Topic 1

A network technician is connecting medical-monitoring devices on a personal area network for patients' phones. Which of the following technologies should be used?

    A. Bluetooth
    B. RFID
    C. NFC
    D. IR

Correct Answer: A
Question #735 Topic 1

A network engineer needs to connect two network switches with a gigabit link. The proposed route to run the 164ft (50m) cable is directly underneath a large electrical generator. Which of the following cable types would BEST fit the needs of the network engineer?

    A. UTP
    B. Cat 5 plenum
    C. Coaxial
    D. STP

Correct Answer: D
Question #736 Topic 1

Which of the following BEST explains why a firewall would be subject to international export controls?

    A. Protected industry
    B. IP version incompatibility
    C. Differing power standards
    D. Encryption technology

Correct Answer: D
Question #737 Topic 1

Two buildings are connected with 802.11a wireless bridges using omnidirectional antennas. However, the connection between the two bridges often drops. Which of the following would be the BEST solution?

    A. Change the antennas to unidirectional.
    B. Conduct a site survey to identify sources of noise.
    C. Add a second wireless bridge at each building.
    D. Change the bridges to use 802.11g.

Correct Answer: A
Question #738 Topic 1

A network technician is installing a wireless network for a small medical office. The doctors need to download high resolution x-rays quickly with minimal latency.
Which of the following technologies should be utilized?

    A. RFID
    B. MIMO
    C. CDMA
    D. 802.11g

Correct Answer: B
Question #739 Topic 1

A network technician is troubleshooting a PC that cannot access the Internet. However, the PC responds to ICMP echo requests from the same subset. Which of the following is the MOST likely reason the PC cannot communicate externally?

    A. The loopback address is being used.
    B. The default gateway is incorrect.
    C. The PC does not have an IP reservation.
    D. The virtual IP has not been configured.

Correct Answer: B
Question #740 Topic 1

A technician is dispatched to replace an access point that has failed. The device is preconfigured with the correct SSID and passphrase. When the user tries to connect to the SSID, the connection fails. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of the issue?

    A. Interference
    B. Channel overlap
    C. Distance limitations
    D. Security type mismatch

Correct Answer: D
Question #741 Topic 1

A technician receives a report that Joe, an existing user, is unable to access the network. Joe confirms that he had full access the previous day. The change log is reviewed, and there have been no changes on Joe's computer or any network changes in the last week. The technician moves the connection to an adjacent location on the switch, and Joe is able to access the network. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of this issue?

    A. Incorrect pin-out
    B. Bad port
    C. Transceiver mismatch
    D. Incorrect cable type

Correct Answer: B
Question #742 Topic 1

A network administrator plans to install network connectivity at a new remote office location. The administrator is concerned about how to troubleshoot network connectivity issues and reconfigure the remote router. The technician should use __________.

    A. an SD card with a backup configuration.
    B. a TFTP server on the main network for backup configurations.
    C. a modem using POTS.
    D. a second Ethernet interface for remote access.

Correct Answer: C
Question #743 Topic 1

A consultant is designing a new network for a company that will be hosting its own email and web servers. The company wants to ensure there are separate devices to protect the internal network from the DMZ and the DMZ from the Internet. Which of the following would provide this protection?

    A. The installation of a firewall with multiple interfaces for the Internet to the DMZ and the LAN.
    B. The in-line installation of two firewalls to divide the Internet to the DMZ and the DMZ to the LAN.
    C. The installation of two switches to divide the Internet from the LAN and the LAN to the DMZ.
    D. The installation of a switch from the Internet to the DMZ and a firewall between the DMZ and the LAN.

Correct Answer: B
Question #744 Topic 1

Which of the following BEST explains why a network engineer would use a wireless mesh network when connecting sensors to a sensor gateway?

    A. It creates various paths to a particular destination.
    B. It increases the overall throughput of the links connecting the devices.
    C. It provides redundancy if the sensor network experiences broad wireless interference.
    D. It allows autonomous communication if the sensor network goes down.

Correct Answer: A
Question #745 Topic 1

A network technician is assisting a user who cannot connect to a wireless connection. The user is connecting to the correct SSID and has the correct pre-shared key. The technician verifies the WAP is working, and other clients are connected to it from the same location. Which of the following should the technician investigate?

    A. Channel overlap
    B. Wireless frequency
    C. AP power levels
    D. Encryption type

Correct Answer: D
Question #746 Topic 1

A network administrator has been directed to present the network alerts from the past week to the companyג€™s executive staff. Which of the following will provide the BEST collection and presentation of this data?

    A. A port scan printout
    B. A consolidated report of various network devices
    C. A report from the SIEM tool
    D. A report from a vulnerability scan done yesterday

Correct Answer: C
Question #747 Topic 1

As part of a new datacenter upgrade project, the security manager has asked for additional physical security to prevent asset theft. Which of the following technologies should be implemented?

    A. Video surveillance
    B. Motion detection alarms
    C. Asset tracking tags
    D. Locks on devices

Correct Answer: D
Question #748 Topic 1

HOTSPOT -
Workstations are unable to access the Internet after a recent power outage. Configure the appropriate devices to ensure All workstations have Internet connectivity.

Instructions -
All ports can be enabled (fill) or disabled (no fill).
If at any time you would like to bring back the initial state of the simulation, please click the Reset All button.
Hot Area:

Correct Answer:
Question #749 Topic 1

A new employee is learning how to use multiple company applications. Upon logging in to one application, the employee notices the other applications do not require authentication. Which of the following explains the reason why this is happening?

    A. Kerberos is being used to authenticate.
    B. The employee logged in to a captive portal.
    C. Single sign-on is being used.
    D. Local authentication was performed.

Correct Answer: C
Question #750 Topic 1

A network technician is investigating an issue with handheld devices in a warehouse. Devices have not been connecting to the nearest APs, but they have been connecting to an AP on the far side of the warehouse. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of this issue?

    A. The nearest APs are configured for 802.11g.
    B. An incorrect channel assignment is on the nearest APs.
    C. The power level is too high for the AP on the far side.
    D. Interference exists around the AP on the far side.

Correct Answer: B
Question #751 Topic 1

Which of the following VPN technologies should a network technician utilize to tunnel IPv6 traffic and multicast over an IPv4 WAN link?

    A. AH
    B. DTLS
    C. SSL
    D. GRE

Correct Answer: D
Question #752 Topic 1

Which of the following technologies would allow a technician to install and run multiple guest operating systems on host hardware?

    A. PXE
    B. Clustering
    C. Hypervisor
    D. SAN

Correct Answer: C
Question #753 Topic 1

A network administrator is configuring a link-state routing protocol for traffic. Which of the following routing protocols should be implemented?

    A. RIPv2
    B. BGP
    C. EIGRP
    D. OSPF

Correct Answer: D
Question #754 Topic 1

A customer wants a technician to implement a solution that will allow its critical on-site servers to continue to function in the event of an extended power outage.
Which of the following should the technician recommend?

    A. Warm site
    B. Load balancer
    C. Power generator
    D. Hot site

Correct Answer: C
Question #755 Topic 1

Which of the following would an organization MOST likely have employees sign before granting access to confidential data?

    A. An AUP
    B. A BYOD policy
    C. An NDA
    D. A PUA

Correct Answer: C
Question #756 Topic 1

A user from a remote office is reporting slow file transfers. Which of the following tools will an engineer MOST likely use to get detailed measurement data?

    A. Packet capture
    B. iPerf
    C. NetFlow analyzer
    D. Internet speed test

Correct Answer: B
Question #757 Topic 1

A network technician needs to implement a network security control on a switch. The solution needs to be non-invasive and prevent guests and unauthorized users from accessing the company's network. Which of the following would BEST meet these requirements?

    A. Upgrading the firmware
    B. Disabling unused ports
    C. Reconfiguring the router access list
    D. Patching and updating

Correct Answer: B
Question #758 Topic 1

A network administrator needs to bring a new building online that houses multiple departments. The departments vary in size, with the smallest having 25 hosts and the largest having 140 hosts. When designing the addressing scheme for the new building, which of the following should the network administrator use lo limit the number of wasted IP addresses?

    A. Public IPs
    B. Private IPs
    C. DHCP
    D. VLSM
    E. Reserved IPs

Correct Answer: D
Question #759 Topic 1

A software company is hosting a seminar at a local conference center to unveil its latest software release. As the clients begin to arrive and connect their mobile devices to the wireless network, users begin to report connectivity and throughput issues. Which of the following should the network technicians do to resolve the reported issues quickly?

    A. Call the ISP to increase the bandwidth.
    B. Provision and deploy additional WAPs.
    C. Run Cat 6 cable to each of the WAPs.
    D. Upgrade the wireless network to the newest standard.

Correct Answer: A
Question #760 Topic 1

A client utilizes mobile tablets to view high-resolution images and videos via WiFi within a corporate office building. The previous administrator installed multiple high-density APs with WiFi 5, providing maximum coverage, but the measured performance is still below expected levels. Which of the following would provide the
BEST solution?

    A. Channel bonding
    B. EIRP power settings
    C. Antenna polarization
    D. A directional antenna

Correct Answer: A
Question #761 Topic 1

A rural municipality has built an external public WiFi meshed network using omnidirectional antennas. After the initial build, the performance meets expectations, and the municipality enters a six-month pilot program in the fall. By the end of the pilot program in the spring, the performance has fallen dramatically. The pilot has a static number of users with no increases in usage from beginning to end. Which of the following would be the MOST likely reason for the performance issues?

    A. Too many users in the pilot creating overcapacity issues
    B. Buildings creating reflection issues
    C. Omnidirectional antennas being insufficient for outdoor use
    D. Foliage creating absorption issues

Correct Answer: D
Question #762 Topic 1

Which of the following should a technician use to keep the STP topology predictable and consistent?

    A. Root guard
    B. Flood guard
    C. Dynamic ARP inspection
    D. Ingress ACLs

Correct Answer: A
Question #763 Topic 1

A malicious user sent double-tagged frames on an 802.1Q-enabled port and immediately gained access to additional network resources. Which of the following attacks did the malicious user successfully execute?

    A. Evil twin
    B. Man-in-the-middle
    C. DNS poisoning
    D. VLAN hopping

Correct Answer: D
Question #764 Topic 1

A network technician is installing a new fiber-optic connection between two buildings on a campus network. When the network technician connects the fiber at the second location, the interface link light does not light up. Which of the following should the technician do NEXT?

    A. Reverse the fiber pair.
    B. Check the duplex on each interface.
    C. Install a fiber distribution panel.
    D. Configure a media converter for each switch.

Correct Answer: A
Question #765 Topic 1

A network engineer is surveying the existing wireless infrastructure to propose additional changes to increase throughput. The SSID is already on an uncongested
5GHz frequency. Which of the following should the engineer configure?

    A. Channel bonding
    B. 802.11a
    C. Dual-band frequency
    D. An omnidirectional antenna

Correct Answer: A
Question #766 Topic 1

A junior technician deployed new computers in a company, and users are reporting issues with file transfers to network shares being slower than with the previous computers. The network administrator verifies the switch's gigabit ports are set to autonegotiate. Which of the following should the administrator perform NEXT to determine the issue?

    A. Change the default gateway on the new computers.
    B. Update the drivers for the NIC cards.
    C. Move the computers to a different VLAN.
    D. Determine if the NIC speed on the computers is configured correctly.

Correct Answer: D
Question #767 Topic 1

A technician is called to a customer site because the modem has failed and needs to be replaced. The technician connects the existing firewall to a modem taken from another customer site and ensures the users can reach the Internet. That night, a remote vendor tries to transfer a file to the customer's server using FTP but is unable to make the connection. There were no issues the previous night. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of the problem?

    A. The firewall rules in the router were not reconfigured for use with the newer ISP protocols.
    B. The modern may have its own built-in firewall that is interfering with the communications.
    C. The ISP cannot route traffic from the new modern because it came from another ISP.
    D. The NAT that converts the public IP to the internal private IP of the server is using an incorrect port.

Correct Answer: B
Question #768 Topic 1

A customer has requested Ethernet cabling for a new office building. A technician is dispatched to perform a site survey and does not note any special considerations for the installation. Which of the following cable types will the technician MOST likely recommend for this installation?

    A. Metallic sheathed
    B. Fiber optic
    C. Unshielded twisted pair
    D. Coaxial

Correct Answer: C
Question #769 Topic 1

Branch users are experiencing issues with videoconferencing. Which of the following will the company MOST likely configure to improve performance for these applications?

    A. Link Aggregation Control Protocol
    B. Dynamic routing
    C. Quality of service
    D. Network load balancer
    E. Static IP addresses

Correct Answer: C
Question #770 Topic 1

A new application is being deployed. The application team has asked the network team to monitor network performance and create alerts if fluctuations in the round-trip time for that traffic occur. Which of the following should the network team monitor to meet this requirement?

    A. Bandwidth
    B. Latency
    C. Loss
    D. Jitter

Correct Answer: D
Question #771 Topic 1

A network technician is required to install a network device to provide service to an office area. The office area has 23 users and two printers that must be able to connect to the file server in a different building. Which of the following network devices should the technician use?

    A. Media converter
    B. Switch
    C. Bridge
    D. Wireless range extender

Correct Answer: B
Question #772 Topic 1

A company has multiple site-to-site VPN connections using a pre-shared key. The Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) is concerned about the long-term security of the tunnels and has asked the network technicians to develop a plan to ensure the best security of the tunnels. Which of the following should the network technicians implement?

    A. Purchase dedicated MPLS circuits between each of the sites.
    B. Request a change of IP addresses from the ISP semiannually.
    C. Perform annual key rotations on the site-to-site VPNs.
    D. Terminate tunnels when they are not actively being used.

Correct Answer: C
Question #773 Topic 1

A network engineer is adding a second router to the company's topology to connect a new wing of the building. The second router will be in the same server room as the first router and does not support auto-MDX. Which of the following describes how the routers should be connected to each other?

    A. Connect the second router to the first router with a crossover cable.
    B. Use a straight-through cable to connect the two routers together.
    C. Connect the two routers with vendor-specific console cables.
    D. Connect the AUX ports directly between the two routers.

Correct Answer: A
Question #774 Topic 1

Which of the following technologies provides a failover mechanism for the default gateway?

    A. FHRP
    B. LACP
    C. OSPF
    D. STP

Correct Answer: A
Question #775 Topic 1

A technician is troubleshooting a client's report about poor wireless performance. Using a client monitor, the technician notes the following information:

Which of the following is MOST likely the cause of the issue?

    A. Channel overlap
    B. Poor signal
    C. Incorrect power settings
    D. Wrong antenna type

Correct Answer: A
Question #776 Topic 1

A hydroelectric company wants to manage sensors at a dam remotely. The control station at this dam is several miles off the main road in a densely forested area.
Which of the following should the company implement to connect remotely to the sensors?

    A. Cable broadband
    B. DSL Internet
    C. Cellular modem
    D. ISDN Internet

Correct Answer: C
Question #777 Topic 1

Which of the following is the physical topology for an Ethernet LAN?

    A. Bus
    B. Ring
    C. Mesh
    D. Star

Correct Answer: A
Question #778 Topic 1

Which of the following can be used to decrease latency during periods of high utilization of a firewall?

    A. Hot site
    B. NIC teaming
    C. HA pair
    D. VRRP

Correct Answer: B
Question #779 Topic 1

At which of the following OSI model layers does the Layer 2 Tunneling Protocol operate?

    A. Application
    B. Session
    C. Transport
    D. Data link

Correct Answer: D
Question #780 Topic 1

A network technician has just implemented a new wireless network that requires clients to use a WEP key for access. The technician is now required to make changes to ensure the network uses the strongest encryption available. After the changes are implemented, several users report being unable to connect. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause?

    A. RADIUS server failure
    B. Security type mismatch
    C. Wrong passphrase
    D. Incorrect SSID

Correct Answer: B
Question #781 Topic 1

A network technician wants to ensure the backup configuration files for the network devices are not being altered after they are stored. Which of the following tasks should the network technician perform to achieve this goal?

    A. Compute the checksum of the backup file and document it separately.
    B. Store the backup files on a thumb drive and keep it in a desk drawer.
    C. Encrypt the drive the files are stored on using AES-256.
    D. Upload the backup files to a cloud storage service.

Correct Answer: A
Question #782 Topic 1

A network technician has been asked to provide daily reports on network saturation. Which of the following would BEST reflect these statistics?

    A. Average bandwidth usage
    B. Error rate on trunk ports
    C. Packet drops to the ISP
    D. Processor utilization for the Internet router

Correct Answer: A
Question #783 Topic 1

A large metropolitan city is looking to standardize the ability for police department laptops to connect to the city government's VPN. The city would like a wireless solution that provides the largest coverage across the city with a minimal number of transmission towers. Latency and overall bandwidth needs are not high priorities. Which of the following would BEST meet the city's needs?

    A. 5G
    B. LTE
    C. WiFi 4
    D. WiFi 5
    E. WiFi 6

Correct Answer: B
Question #784 Topic 1

A network administrator is installing a new IDS device that will collect logs and alert the administrator of breaches.
ג€¢ The network infrastructure includes a modern, a firewall, and core and access switches.
ג€¢ The modem is ISP provided and only forwards packets from the data circuit.
ג€¢ The firewall handles stateful packet inspection, the ACL, and application layer filtering.
Which of the following describes where the administrator should install the IDS device on the network to collect the MOST relevant information?

    A. In front of the modem and firewall
    B. Between the modem and firewall
    C. Behind the firewall on the core switch
    D. After the access switch

Correct Answer: A
Question #785 Topic 1

A network technician needs to extend a Cat 6a connection. A device is being moved to another building that is too far away for the existing cable to reach. There is dark fiber between the buildings, and the devices must be directly connected to each other using RJ45 terminations. Which of the following is needed to ensure the connection?

    A. A media converter
    B. A crossover cable
    C. A patch panel
    D. A switch

Correct Answer: A
Question #786 Topic 1

A network administrator walks into a datacenter and notices an unknown person is following closely. The administrator stops and directs the person to the security desk. Which of the following attacks did the network administrator prevent?

    A. Evil twin
    B. Tailgating
    C. Piggybacking
    D. Shoulder surfing

Correct Answer: B
Question #787 Topic 1

A user has just received a call from someone claiming to be from the company help desk and asking for password information to assist the user with a password reset. Company policy, however, states the help desk will not ask for password information. Which of the following has the user just experienced?

    A. Logic bomb
    B. Social engineering
    C. Phishing
    D. Insider threat

Correct Answer: B
Question #788 Topic 1

A network engineer is deploying a new PBX for a customer. Although all new phones will be IP-based, the office will still use a few POTS-based phones and a fax line. Which of the following will be needed to connect the fax line?

    A. RJ11
    B. RJ45
    C. DB-9
    D. F-type

Correct Answer: A
Question #789 Topic 1

A network technician is installing a new SOHO wireless router for a client. After configuring and securing the wireless network, the technician begins hardening the wireless router. Which of the following should the network technician do FIRST?

    A. Enable content filtering
    B. Back up the configuration of the device.
    C. Configure an ACL for managing the device.
    D. Filter MAC addresses.

Correct Answer: B
Question #790 Topic 1

A network technician is configuring a new web server at the company office. The network manager has instructed the technician to implement it in such a way so it is isolated from the local network and still able to be reached from an external network. Which of the following BEST describes where the technician should set up the new server?

    A. Private VLAN
    B. IDF
    C. DMZ
    D. Native VLAN

Correct Answer: C
Question #791 Topic 1

A company has decided to move its datacenter to an IaaS provider. The company stakeholders are concerned about their ISP being a single point of failure.
Which of the following will the network administrator MOST likely recommend to mitigate this risk?

    A. Adopt a multicloud strategy to ensure access in case of an outage.
    B. Contract a secondary ISP to provide another connection.
    C. Lease additional office space for use in the event of a disaster.
    D. Get an additional Internet connection from the current ISP.

Correct Answer: B
Question #792 Topic 1

A network engineer is provisioning a new Linux server in a public cloud. Which of the following types of cloud service should be utilized?

    A. PaaS
    B. SaaS
    C. DaaS
    D. IaaS

Correct Answer: A
Question #793 Topic 1

A workstation is configured with the following network details:

Software on the workstation needs to send a query to the local subnet broadcast address. To which of the following addresses should the software be configured to send the query?

    A. 10.1.2.0
    B. 10.1.2.1
    C. 10.1.2.23
    D. 10.1.2.255
    E. 10.1.2.31

Correct Answer: E
Question #794 Topic 1

Which of the following technologies relies on circuit switching?

    A. DMVPN
    B. MPLS
    C. PPPoE
    D. DOCSIS

Correct Answer: C
Question #795 Topic 1

Which of the following is the LARGEST MTU for a standard Ethernet frame?

    A. 1452
    B. 1492
    C. 1500
    D. 2304

Correct Answer: C
Question #796 Topic 1

The security department is looking to install a new IP-based camera. Plugging the camera into the available Ethernet jack does not power on the camera. Upon further investigation, the cable tests fine, and it does provide power to a VoIP phone. Which of the following is MOST likely causing the issue?

    A. The brown pair UTP has a short.
    B. The camera requires 802.3at power.
    C. The camera requires Cat 7 cabling.
    D. The switchport has PoE disabled.

Correct Answer: B
Question #797 Topic 1

A network technician recently installed a new Layer 2 switch. After scanning the device, the network administrator mentions there is traffic on port 23. Which of the following should the network technician have done during the installation?

    A. Disabled Telnet and enabled SSH
    B. Created an ACL to block port 23
    C. Disabled DHCP snooping
    D. Changes the native VLAN

Correct Answer: A
Question #798 Topic 1

Which of the following IEEE standards explains the characteristics of how PoE should operate in a switched network?

    A. 802.11ac
    B. 802.1q
    C. 802.1X
    D. 802.3af

Correct Answer: D
Question #799 Topic 1

A network administrator is configuring a server to be placed on the network. The end users will be accessing an application via a web browser that requires them to log into the application. Which of the following protocols would allow a secure connection?

    A. SCP
    B. SSH
    C. HTTPS
    D. SFTP

Correct Answer: C
Question #800 Topic 1

The following instructions were published about the proper network configuration for a videoconferencing device:
ג€Configure a valid static RFC1918 address accordingly to your network. Check the option to use a connection over NATג€.
Which of the following is a valid IP address configuration for the device?

    A. FE80::1
    B. 100.64.0.1
    C. 169.254.1.2
    D. 172.19.0.2
    E. 224.0.0.12

Correct Answer: D
Question #801 Topic 1

While troubleshooting a connectivity issue, a network technician successfully pinged the loopback address and external DNS server but was unable to ping the websiteג€™s URL. Which of the following tools should the technician use to determine where the network issue is located?

    A. Nmap
    B. netstat
    C. nslookup
    D. ipconfig
    E. tracert

Correct Answer: C
Question #802 Topic 1

A technician is helping to secure a wireless network at a home office and is looking to prevent unauthorized devices from connecting to the network. Which of the following would be BEST for the technician to do? (Choose two.)

    A. Configure MAC filtering.
    B. Configure guest network isolation.
    C. Enable plug and play.
    D. Disable the SSID broadcast.
    E. Configure a captive portal.
    F. Disable unneeded ports.

Correct Answer: AD
Question #803 Topic 1

A network administrator has implemented file integrity monitoring on all relevant devices. This will provide the ability to detect whenever the files are:

    A. reinstalled.
    B. executed.
    C. read.
    D. written.

Correct Answer: A
Question #804 Topic 1

A network technician is attempting to resolve an issue for two users. The users unplugged and moved their laptops to a different cubicle to work together. The NIC
LED is lit on both laptops, but the users are not able to access the network resources. Which of the following is MOST likely preventing access?

    A. Port security
    B. Auto-MDIX
    C. BPDU guard
    D. DHCP snooping

Correct Answer: A
Question #805 Topic 1

A network engineer has been assigned a support ticket for a PC that will not connect to the network in a new area of the building. The engineer knows the PC should be assigned to the PC VLAN (VLAN 1101) and should have an IP in the 172.16.250.0/22 range. While talking with the hardware team, the engineer is told this is the first PC to be installed in this area. The engineer then logs into the edge switch the PC is connected to and looks at the configuration. Given the output below:

Which of the following BEST explains the reason why the PC cannot connect?

    A. The VLAN interface is missing.
    B. The VLAN is not allows across the trunk.
    C. The PC is in the wrong VLAN.
    D. The PC does not have a valid IP.

Correct Answer: B
Question #806 Topic 1

Which of the following DNS record types can help limit spam?

    A. SPF
    B. SRV
    C. A
    D. MX

Correct Answer: A
Question #807 Topic 1

A user reports a laptop wireless connection is working at the userג€™s desk but not in a recent building addition. A network administrator logs into the wireless controller, searches for the userג€™s MAC address, and receives the following results:

Which of the following describes the reason for the issue?

    A. Frequency mismatch
    B. Distance limitation
    C. Channel overlap
    D. Wrong SSID

Correct Answer: B
Question #808 Topic 1

A technician has completed configuration on a new satellite location. The location has a new firewall and a small internal network. The technician has been asked to perform basic vulnerability testing. Which of the following tools would BEST assist the technician in verifying the security of the site?

    A. Packet sniffer
    B. Bandwidth tester
    C. Port scanner
    D. Protocol analyzer

Correct Answer: C
Question #809 Topic 1

A network manager is reviewing recent changes after learning the network health metrics are no longer being protected. The manager discovers the ACL has been updated to the following:

Which of the following lines in the ACL points to the issue?

    A. Line 1
    B. Line 2
    C. Line 3
    D. Line 4
    E. Line 5

Correct Answer: C
Question #810 Topic 1

A network technician is troubleshooting a connection issue and determines the domain name resolution is not getting out past the firewall. Which of the following ports should the technician check to see if it is being blocked by the ACLs?

    A. 23
    B. 53
    C. 110
    D. 389

Correct Answer: B
Question #811 Topic 1

Which of the following use cases would justify the deployment of an mGRE hub-and-spoke topology?

    A. An increase in network securing using encryption and packet encapsulation
    B. A network expansion caused by an increase in the number of branch locations to the headquarters
    C. A mandatory requirement to increase the deployment of an SDWAN network.
    D. An improvement in network efficiency by increasing the useful packet payload.

Correct Answer: B
Question #812 Topic 1

A network administrator needs to keep track of the locations of installed network equipment. Which of the following would be the BEST method to accomplish this task?

    A. Tamper detection
    B. Asset tags
    C. Video surveillance
    D. Motion detection

Correct Answer: B
Question #813 Topic 1

Users at an office site notice the wireless network is unavailable for a short period after a brownout. Which of the following technologies is MOST cost effective to sustain network equipment during a brief power event?

    A. UPS
    B. Dual power supplies
    C. Generator
    D. Redundant circuits

Correct Answer: A
Question #814 Topic 1

Given the following information:

Which of the following command-line tools would generate this output?

    A. netstat
    B. arp
    C. dig
    D. tracert

Correct Answer: A
Question #815 Topic 1

A security team needs to restrict access to a wireless network in a certain area. Which of the following would be used to enforce this restriction?

    A. Geofencing
    B. WPA2-PSK
    C. EAP-TLS
    D. VLAN tagging

Correct Answer: A
Question #816 Topic 1

A network engineer is hardening the security of a remote office. The firewall at this location needs to remain accessible for remote management by technicians.
The firewall vendor advises disabling port 443 from WAN-facing access. In addition to disabling port 443, which of the following can the engineer do to MOST effectively balance the remote connectivity and security needs for this site?

    A. Enable an IPSec tunnel.
    B. Enable RDP access to the firewall.
    C. Enable port 80 access.
    D. Enable Telnet access to the firewall.

Correct Answer: B
Question #817 Topic 1

Ann, a user, is attempting to charge her phone using the USB port of her computer. She realizes the port has been disabled. Which of the following policies would restrict the use of the USB port?

    A. BYOD
    B. NDA
    C. SLA
    D. AUP

Correct Answer: A
Question #818 Topic 1

A technician needs to manage a Linux-based system from the GUI remotely. Which of the following technologies should the technician deploy?

    A. RDP
    B. SSH
    C. VNC
    D. Telnet

Correct Answer: C
Question #819 Topic 1

A network technician has established an internal HTTP connection from a browser to the web server to access an organizationג€™s intranet services. In which of the following layers of the OSI model is the HTTP protocol found?

    A. Session
    B. Data link
    C. Network
    D. Application

Correct Answer: D
Question #820 Topic 1

A network administrator is configuring a database server and would like to ensure the database engine is listening on a certain port. Which of the following commands should the administrator use to accomplish this goal?

    A. nslookup
    B. netstat ג€"a
    C. ipconfig /a
    D. arp ג€"a

Correct Answer: B
Question #821 Topic 1

An administrator recently implemented new SOHO routers for a companyג€™s teleworking employees. Before deploying the routers, the administrator changed the default credentials and disabled unnecessary services. Within a few days of deployment, hackers gained access to the routers. Which of the following is the
MOST important thing the administrator forgot to do?

    A. Disable unused physical router ports.
    B. Generate new encryption keys.
    C. Upgrade the router firmware.
    D. Create a database of file hashes on the router.

Correct Answer: A
Question #822 Topic 1

Which of the following technologies can be implemented on network devices to increase throughput in network storage systems?

    A. Trunking
    B. Frame Relay
    C. Jumbo frames
    D. InfiniBand

Correct Answer: C
Question #823 Topic 1

A network administrator migrated the data for the corporate email service from one provider to another. All DNS records were successfully changed and verified.
However, many hours later, users are still receiving new emails on the old providerג€™s server. Which of the following should the administrator perform NEXT to troubleshoot the issue?

    A. Add a secondary MX server to the DNS records.
    B. Remove old SPF records from the DNS host.
    C. Create a DMARC record that includes the old server.
    D. Check the TTL value on the MX records.

Correct Answer: A
Question #824 Topic 1

A network administrator needs to extend an organizationג€™s network to a nearby building that has unused SMF already installed. The network administrator has decided to create a switch-to-switch uplink. Which of the following standards would be the BEST to use?

    A. 10BASE-T
    B. 100BASE-T
    C. 1000BASE-LX
    D. 1000BASE-SX

Correct Answer: C
Question #825 Topic 1

A technician has started a major network project to upgrade to a higher throughput standard. The technician will need to install new patch panels and breakout boxes to support this infrastructure. Which of the following layers of the OSI model is the technician addressing at this stage of the upgrade?

    A. Physical
    B. Transport
    C. Network
    D. Data link

Correct Answer: A
Question #826 Topic 1

Which of the following provides redundancy on a file server to ensure the server is still connected to a LAN even in the event of a port failure on a switch?

    A. NIC teaming
    B. Load balancer
    C. RAID array
    D. PDUs

Correct Answer: A
Question #827 Topic 1

A network technician needs to install network devices in a new building. The building will be a part of the corporate network and has the connection to the core network already. Which of the following devices must be configured in the new building?

    A. Firewall
    B. Switch
    C. Modem
    D. IDS

Correct Answer: B
Question #828 Topic 1

A systems administrator is running a VoIP network and is experiencing jitter and high latency. Which of the following would BEST help the administrator determine the cause of these issues?

    A. Enabling RADIUS on the network.
    B. Configuring SNMP traps on the network.
    C. Implementing LDAP on the network.
    D. Establishing NTP on the network.

Correct Answer: B
Question #829 Topic 1

Which of the following technologies is used to translate one public IP address to multiple private IP addresses?

    A. NAT
    B. ARP
    C. DHCP
    D. DNS

Correct Answer: A
Question #830 Topic 1

Which of the following attacks blocks access to resources by flooding that resource with invalid requests?

    A. On-path attack
    B. IP spoofing attack
    C. DoS attack
    D. DNS poisoning attack

Correct Answer: C
Question #831 Topic 1

A Chief Information Officer (CIO) is reviewing a proposal to provide access security for the IT departmentג€™s restricted area. Which of the following is a preventive measure that should be implemented?

    A. Motion detection
    B. Cameras
    C. Biometric lock
    D. Asset tags

Correct Answer: C
Question #832 Topic 1

A network administrator is investigating an issue with VoIP calls that are not establishing properly. After troubleshooting, the administrator is able to determine the
SIP responses are not being received by the gateway. Which of the following did the administrator use to determine this information?

    A. netstat
    B. A spectrum analyzer
    C. tracert
    D. A packet analyzer

Correct Answer: D
Question #833 Topic 1

A network engineer is planning to connect a legacy network switch to a core switch for redundancy. The proposed cable will run in the celling above high-voltage industrial equipment and fluorescent lights. The legacy switch has 1000BASE-T ports with no expansion slots. The engineer has decided to use multimode cable to make this connection. Which of the following will be needed to connect the two switches?

    A. RG-6 connectors
    B. A patch panel
    C. A GBIC transceiver
    D. A media converter

Correct Answer: D
Question #834 Topic 1

A network technician is planning to upgrade an end-of-life network switch and wants to reuse as much of the existing infrastructure as possible. The end-of-life switch uses a GBIC, but the new switch will use an SFP. Which of the following will the network technician MOST likely need to perform before completing the upgrade?

    A. Reterminate the fiber with ST connectors.
    B. Reterminate the fiber with SC connectors.
    C. Reterminate the fiber with LC connectors.
    D. Reroute the fiber through a media converter.

Correct Answer: C
Question #835 Topic 1

A network administrator received a ticket about intermittent poor performance of a manufacturing device. The engineer who submitted the ticket states the issue occurs when the device is sending or receiving larger volumes of network traffic. The physical copper path between the device and the switch tests successfully.
Which of the following should the network administrator do NEXT?

    A. Verify the speed/duplex settings.
    B. Replace the switch uplink transceivers.
    C. Enable port aggregation.
    D. Change to shielded patch cables.
    E. Enable quality of service.

Correct Answer: A
Question #836 Topic 1

A recent vulnerability was discovered in the code a company is running on its network devices. The vendor has released a security patch to address the vulnerability. To ensure an unaltered version of the patch is downloaded, which of the following should the network technician validate before installing the patch?

    A. Date the patch was created
    B. Version of the patch
    C. Hash values of the patch
    D. Change log for the patch

Correct Answer: C
Question #837 Topic 1

Which of the following DNS record types assists with the routing of email?

    A. MX
    B. PTR
    C. SRV
    D. AAAA

Correct Answer: A
Question #838 Topic 1

The management team has instituted a 48-hour RTO as part of the disaster recovery plan. Which of the following procedures would meet the policyג€™s requirements?

    A. Recover all systems to a loss of 48 hours of data.
    B. Limit the network downtime to a maximum of 48 hours per year.
    C. Recover all systems within 48 hours.
    D. Require 48 hours of system backup maintenance.

Correct Answer: C
Question #839 Topic 1

An organization has migrated the internal network from a static IP addressing scheme to use DHCP. After fully deploying the DHCP solution, users within the web deployment team are unable to access the web server that is hosted in the DMZ. After reviewing the logs, the network technician sees multiple deny entries from the internal network to the DMZ. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause?

    A. The DNS entries are incorrect for the web development team.
    B. The server IP addresses in the DMZ have changed after migrating to DHCP.
    C. The OSPF configuration was not updated to route the new dynamic address spaces.
    D. The ACL does not accurately reflect current addresses for the web development team.

Correct Answer: D
Question #840 Topic 1

A wireless engineer installs a new 802.11g access point in a new part of a building. Users begin reporting slow connections, even with a strong signal. The engineer uses a packet analyzer and sees retransmitted and malformed packets, as well as some malformed WiMax packets. Which of the following issues is described?

    A. Refraction
    B. Interference
    C. Latency
    D. Overcapacity

Correct Answer: B
Question #841 Topic 1

Which of the following technologies is MOST likely used to provide connectivity to multiple IoT devices within a room without access to the WLAN?

    A. IR
    B. 802.11
    C. Bluetooth
    D. NFC

Correct Answer: C
Question #842 Topic 1

A new network technician is responsible for bringing a building onto the corporate network. The technician is not aware of the proper settings for the new switches.
Which of the following should the technician reference to find these settings?

    A. IDF/MDF documentation
    B. Change management plan
    C. Configuration baseline
    D. Standard operating procedures

Correct Answer: C
Question #843 Topic 1

Which of the following accurately describes a warm site in datacenter disaster recovery?

    A. An online standby datacenter that is fully equipped without company data
    B. A backup datacenter location that is ready for equipment to be installed
    C. A backup datacenter location that is fully equipped bot not online
    D. An online, standby datacenter that is fully equipped with all company data

Correct Answer: C
Question #844 Topic 1

A customer wants to install a network that can utilize 802.1X authentication protocols. The customer uses a Windows laptop and does not want to install any additional software; therefore, a technician needs to configure the network to work with what is available natively. Which of the following should the technician configure for the 802.1X network?

    A. PEAP
    B. LDAP
    C. EAP-FAST
    D. NAC

Correct Answer: B
Question #845 Topic 1

A technician is planning a network wiring installation and must ensure all cabling meets the installation requirements for air-handling spaces in the celling in case of a fire. Which of the following characteristics does plenum cabling have to meet this requirement?

    A. Outer jacket made of PVC
    B. Outer jacket with metal shielding
    C. Low-smoke material jacket
    D. Fiber-optic glass core

Correct Answer: C
Question #846 Topic 1

A network technician installs a new Layer 3 switch in the accounting office. Which of the following should the technician configure on the switch to enhance network security?

    A. Spanning tree
    B. Access control list
    C. QoS settings
    D. Duplex settings

Correct Answer: B
Question #847 Topic 1

A help desk technician is assisting a user who is experiencing issues with video conferencing when a laptop is undocked. During meetings, the audio becomes garbled, and the video sometimes pauses for brief periods. Which of the following is the MOST probable cause of these issues?

    A. Overcapacity
    B. Channel overlap
    C. Frequency mismatch
    D. Latency

Correct Answer: A
Question #848 Topic 1

A network technician is configuring a new firewall for a company with the necessary access requirements to be allowed through the firewall. Which of the following should be applied as the LAST rule in the firewall?

    A. Secure SNMP
    B. Port security
    C. Implicit deny
    D. DHCP snooping

Correct Answer: C
Question #849 Topic 1

Which of the following is BEST described as a technology that allows for the segmentation of networks into different broadcast domains throughout the network?

    A. DMZ
    B. VLAN
    C. VLSM
    D. CSMA

Correct Answer: B
Question #850 Topic 1

A Chief Information Officer (CIO) wants to control the category of sites that employees access when using the Internet web browser. This objective must be achieved to be compliant with corporate policy and avoid some security and legal risks. Which of the following devices would BEST accomplish this task? (Choose two.)

    A. IDS
    B. Proxy server
    C. Content filter
    D. Virtual firewall
    E. Hypervisor
    F. Load balancer

Correct Answer: BC
Question #851 Topic 1

A store owner would like to have secure wireless access available for both equipment and patron use. Which of the following features should be configured to allow different wireless access through the same equipment?

    A. MIMO
    B. TKIP
    C. LTE
    D. SSID

Correct Answer: D
Question #852 Topic 1

A network administrator has discovered a low-end managed switch connected to the companyג€™s LAN. While reading about the deviceג€™s specifications on the manufacturerג€™s website, the administrator discovers the switch does not support a command-line interface for administration. Which of the following remote access methods should the administrator use to log in to the switch?

    A. Install a VNC plugin on the web browser.
    B. Connect to the HTTPS management interface.
    C. Replace the managed switch with an unmanaged switch.
    D. Establish an SSH session.

Correct Answer: B
Question #853 Topic 1

An administrator needs to connect to a server to install security patches. The administrator requests that port 3389 be allowed through the firewall. Which of the following access methods is the administrator looking to use?

    A. SSH
    B. Telnet
    C. SFTP
    D. RDP

Correct Answer: D
Question #854 Topic 1

A network technician built a wireless network in a ten-story office building but has found it does not perform well. The technician performed the following steps during the installation:
✑ Researched and decided that 802.11ac would be the best technology
✑ Ensured the switch supports PoE+
✑ Purchased an AP for each floor and spare APs in case of failure
✑ Put each AP into non-overlapping channels
Which of the following is the MOST likely reason users are experiencing poor performance?

    A. 802.11ac is not the proper wireless technology for a multistory building.
    B. A comprehensive site survey of each floor was not conducted.
    C. Users were not consulted to find out what type of wireless cards they had.
    D. APs in non-overlapping channels are not able to provide proper redundancy.

Correct Answer: B
Question #855 Topic 1

A technician is wiring a new digital subscriber line in the corporate MDF. Which of the following marks the termination point?

    A. GBIC
    B. RG-6
    C. 110 block
    D. MT-RJ

Correct Answer: C
Question #856 Topic 1

Several network changes were made to a companyג€™s firewall, and users have no longer been able to access websites by name. A technician suspects there is a port misconfiguration. Which of the following ports was misconfigured?

    A. 23
    B. 53
    C. 69
    D. 161
    E. 445

Correct Answer: B
Question #857 Topic 1

Which of the following technologies requires a username and password to authenticate to a backbone network?

    A. PPPoE
    B. MPLS
    C. ATM
    D. SIP

Correct Answer: A
Question #858 Topic 1

A network engineer is creating a method for customers to access the companyג€™s application in a web browser. Which of the following cloud models should the customers use to access the application?

    A. PaaS
    B. SaaS
    C. MaaS
    D. IaaS

Correct Answer: B
Question #859 Topic 1

A company recently upgraded a legacy firewall to an NGFW. Which of the following can be deployed without extra hardware to restrict access to offending websites?

    A. A UTM appliance
    B. Content filtering
    C. An IPS
    D. A proxy server

Correct Answer: B
Question #860 Topic 1

Which of the following storage types allows for the connection of storage devices that are located several miles apart?

    A. SFTP
    B. InfiniBand
    C. eSATA
    D. iSCSI

Correct Answer: D
Question #861 Topic 1

A network technician is utilizing DHCP. The technician has set a six-day lease time for all hosts. After which of the following time intervals should the hosts attempt to FIRST renew their address?

    A. Two days
    B. Three days
    C. Six days
    D. Seven days

Correct Answer: B
Question #862 Topic 1

A company is implementing a new firewall. The firewall is configured to allow only TCP ports 80 and 443 to exit the network and allow the same traffic back into the network using inbound stateful packet filtering. Users are not able to access URLs of common websites they visit. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of the issue?

    A. Stateful packet filtering only allows connections that originate outside the network to enter.
    B. Web browsing uses UDP and not TCP ports 80 and 443.
    C. The firewall does not allow UDP port 53 to enter and exit the network.
    D. TCP 80 and 443 should be allowed inbound and stateful inspection should be allowed outbound.

Correct Answer: C
Question #863 Topic 1

A network administrator is unable to identify the root cause of a network incident because insufficient evidence about the threat actorג€™s actions was logged. The administrator notes that the server receiving and storing the events was not compromised by any attack and is properly communicating with all network devices.
Which of the following can the administrator employ to improve network access accountability?

    A. Activate the audit logs on the network server and resources.
    B. Configure SNMP on the network server.
    C. Deploy a central SIEM server into the network.
    D. Collect traffic statistics from the servers using NetFlow data.

Correct Answer: C
Question #864 Topic 1

Which of the following is the MOST appropriate use case for the deployment of a clientless VPN?

    A. Secure web access to internal corporate resources.
    B. Upgrade security via the use of an NFV technology.
    C. Grant out-of-band access for partners accessing corporate resources.
    D. Increase VPN availability by using a SDWAN technology.

Correct Answer: A
Question #865 Topic 1

A website administrator is concerned the companyג€™s static website could be defaced by hacktivists or used as a pivot point to attack internal systems. Which of the following should a network security administrator recommend to assist with detecting these activities?

    A. Implement file integrity monitoring.
    B. Change the default credentials.
    C. Use SSL encryption.
    D. Update the web-server software.

Correct Answer: C
Question #866 Topic 1

A technician wants to install a WAP in the center of a room that provides service in a radius surrounding a radio. Which of the following antenna types should the
AP utilize?

    A. Omni
    B. Directional
    C. Yagi
    D. Parabolic

Correct Answer: A
Question #867 Topic 1

A network field technician is installing and configuring a secure wireless network. The technician performs a site survey. Which of the following documents would
MOST likely be created as a result of the site survey?

    A. Physical diagram
    B. Heat map
    C. Asset list
    D. Device map

Correct Answer: B
Question #868 Topic 1

A network administrator wants to implement a switch management AAA method that will allow for per-user, command-level, granular permissions. Which of the following methods would BEST support the goals of the administrator?

    A. RADIUS
    B. LDAP
    C. Certificate
    D. TACACS+

Correct Answer: D
Question #869 Topic 1

A network administrator is purchasing cellular hotspots for staff members who travel frequently. Many of these staff members travel internationally, and maximum compatibility with multiple cellular carriers is necessary. Which of the following wireless technologies should the hotspots support?

    A. Z-Wave
    B. CDMA
    C. GSM
    D. GPS

Correct Answer: B
Question #870 Topic 1

A customer wants to implement a storage server at home for family movies. Which of the following technologies would be BEST for the customer's needs?

    A. SAN
    B. Cloud storage
    C. RTSP
    D. NAS

Correct Answer: D
Question #871 Topic 1

A new network technician has received reports that the company network is performing slowly. Being unfamiliar with the company network performance, which of the following should the technician use to verify if the issue is an irregular occurrence based on company use?

    A. A bandwidth test
    B. SNMP logs
    C. A protocol analyzer
    D. A network baseline

Correct Answer: D
Question #872 Topic 1

A technician is redesigning a SOHO network on a single router and three switches that are configured in a hierarchical design. The new design must separate the marketing department's large amount of print traffic from the rest of the network. However, it must still allow sharing with the rest of the company. The technician has created a marketing VLAN. Which of the following configurations is necessary to complete the design?

    A. A default VLAN for the rest of the company
    B. Subinterfaces of the router
    C. A bridge between the VLANs
    D. A print server to cache files

Correct Answer: B
Question #873 Topic 1

A network administrator has a switch with 1Gbps uplink but believes that a bottleneck exists to the switch during peak usage. To eliminate the bottleneck, the administrator wants to increase the uplink speed to 10Gbps. Which of the following transceiver types should the administrator install?

    A. SFP+
    B. QSFP
    C. SFP
    D. GBIC

Correct Answer: A
Question #874 Topic 1

Which of the following storage types provides inexpensive stand-alone network storage that can be made accessible to all users?

    A. SAS
    B. SSD
    C. NAS
    D. SAN

Correct Answer: C
Question #875 Topic 1

A company wants to implement a large number of WAPs throughout its building and allow users to be able to move around the building without dropping their connections. Which of the following pieces of equipment would be able to handle this requirement?

    A. A VPN concentrator
    B. A load balancer
    C. A wireless controller
    D. A RADIUS server

Correct Answer: C
Question #876 Topic 1

A network technician has been attempting to gain access to a switch over the network after an extended power outage but has been unsuccessful. The technician runs a network scan and does not find the switch in the results. The switch is turned on, and the link lights are all green. Which of the following should the technician use to gain access to the switch?

    A. SSH
    B. OOB
    C. VNC
    D. Telnet

Correct Answer: B
Question #877 Topic 1

A technician is troubleshooting a wireless connectivity issue. While standing under the access point, the wireless signal is strong; however, when moving a short distance away, the signal becomes very weak. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of the wireless issue?

    A. Antenna type
    B. Reflection
    C. Absorption
    D. Attenuation
    E. Refraction

Correct Answer: A
Question #878 Topic 1

A network director is creating a document that outlines what employees can and cannot do when they are connected to the corporate VPN. Which of the following is the director creating?

    A. Remote access policy
    B. Data loss prevention policy
    C. Bring your own device policy
    D. Non-disclosure agreement

Correct Answer: A
Question #879 Topic 1

An office's wireless multifunction printer is being serviced and an older model is available temporarily. This model connects via Ethernet but does not have wireless capabilities. The location of the printer does not allow for an Ethernet connection to the switch. Which of the following solutions can be used to bring this printer online? (Choose two.)

    A. Connect a powerline network base to the switch and the receiver on the printer.
    B. Connect a UTM device to the network port on the printer.
    C. Install a wireless range extender between the switch and the printer.
    D. Install a wireless controller between the switch and the printer.
    E. Connect a wireless media converter to the network port on the printer.
    F. Connect a multilayer switch to the network port on the printer.

Correct Answer: AE
Question #880 Topic 1

Which of the following advanced network devices can be used to manage and prioritize the application traffic going in and out of a network?

    A. PacketShaper
    B. Switch
    C. Wireless controller
    D. NIPS

Correct Answer: A
Question #881 Topic 1

A technician who works for a cloud service provider is replacing a firewall and needs to ensure the downtime for clients does not exceed established thresholds.
Which of the following MOST likely contains this information?

    A. Standard operating procedures
    B. Performance baseline assessment
    C. Service-level agreement
    D. Network configuration diagram

Correct Answer: C
Question #882 Topic 1

Which of the following protocols are MOST likely used for enterprise wireless network authentication that is both centralized and secure? (Choose two.)

    A. RADIUS
    B. Kerberos
    C. LDAP
    D. TACACS+
    E. SSO

Correct Answer: AC
Question #883 Topic 1

A customer recently changed Internet service providers and moved the web, email, and DNS services and the Internet connection. The customer is now having issues receiving email from businesses that have service through the customer's old Internet provider. Which of the following is the BEST solution?

    A. Contact the current Internet provider and change the A record of the mail server.
    B. Contact the old Internet provider and forward the domain.
    C. Contact the old Internet provider and change the MX record.
    D. Contact the current Internet provider and change the SMTP server.

Correct Answer: C
Question #884 Topic 1

A network administrator is troubleshooting an issue with UDP. Which of the following layers of the OSI model is the administrator troubleshooting?

    A. Layer 2
    B. Layer 3
    C. Layer 4
    D. Layer 5

Correct Answer: C
Question #885 Topic 1

A wireless administrator needs to implement an authentication method that provides individualized, scalable security for the users of a WLAN where roaming is a regular event. PKI is not available. Which of the following BEST addresses the requirements of this topology?

    A. TLS
    B. MAC filtering
    C. TKIP-RC4
    D. EAP-FAST

Correct Answer: D
Question #886 Topic 1

A network technician needs to correlate security events to analyze a suspected intrusion. Which of the following should the technician use?

    A. SNMP
    B. Log review
    C. Vulnerability scanning
    D. SIEM

Correct Answer: D
Question #887 Topic 1

An administrator is working on an email migration project and needs to verify if the new MX records have propagated across the public DNS servers. Which of the following is the MOST appropriate software tool for the administrator to use?

    A. iptables
    B. nslookup
    C. PathPing
    D. netstat

Correct Answer: B
Question #888 Topic 1

Which of the following attacks uses publicly accessible DNS servers to maximize the payload that is sent to a victim's network?

    A. PDoS
    B. Amplified DDoS
    C. Brute force
    D. DNS poisoning

Correct Answer: B
Question #889 Topic 1

A network team has reported multiple outages caused by unauthorized access to the IDF. Which of the following would BEST prevent this issue from reoccurring?

    A. Video surveillance
    B. Badge readers
    C. Motion sensors
    D. Tamper switches

Correct Answer: B
Question #890 Topic 1

A technician is installing new equipment in a datacenter and needs to identify the appropriate power and network connections. Which of the following should the technician use?

    A. Network configuration
    B. Logical topology
    C. Rack diagrams
    D. Work instructions

Correct Answer: D
Question #891 Topic 1

Which of the following network security practices is focused on securing endpoints?

    A. Switchport protection
    B. Device hardening
    C. Network segmentation
    D. Connection encryption

Correct Answer: A
Question #892 Topic 1

An administrator implemented a wireless network in a warehouse for an employee to scan inventory as it arrives and is shipped out. The scanners are proprietary devices that connect to the wireless network, but they have no configuration options beyond connecting via DHCP. Which of the following should the administrator implement to harden the wireless network without negatively affecting the scanners' ability to connect?

    A. Secure the wireless network using PEAP authentication for connecting devices.
    B. Implement a two-factor authentication method for the wireless network.
    C. Allow only devices with statically assigned IP addresses to connect to the network.
    D. Configure the wireless network to allow connections based on hardware address only.

Correct Answer: D
Question #893 Topic 1

A Chief Financial Officer (CFO) was having difficulty connecting a tablet to the wireless network in a home office and called the network administrator for help. The
CFO could not remember the SSID passkey, so the network administrator recommended using the push-button authentication on the wireless router. Which of the following security technologies did the CFO use?

    A. WPA
    B. WPS
    C. WAP
    D. WAF

Correct Answer: B
Question #894 Topic 1

Which of the following would be the BEST way to track all the networks that are in use at an organization?

    A. DHCP
    B. IPAM
    C. Scope options
    D. Lookup zone

Correct Answer: B
Question #895 Topic 1

A customer has asked a technician to install a single device that can perform firewall and routing functions, act as an early warning system and report breaches, and perform real-time packet inspection using heuristic analysis. Which of the following devices should the technician suggest?

    A. An AAA server
    B. A load balancer
    C. A UTM appliance
    D. A multilayer switch
    E. A proxy server

Correct Answer: C
Question #896 Topic 1

A technician needs to design a switched LAN that contains multiple departments that should not be able to access the same resources. Which of the following protocols should be utilized to allow the switches to forward traffic?

    A. 802.1q
    B. 802.1X
    C. 802.3af
    D. 802.3at

Correct Answer: A
Question #897 Topic 1

An organization wants to implement a device that will protect its server farm by looking for anomalous traffic and alerting an administrator to take action. Which of the following would be the BEST device for an organization?

    A. An IPS appliance
    B. A proxy server
    C. An IDS appliance
    D. A content filter server

Correct Answer: C
Question #898 Topic 1

A company recently moved to a new building that was designed with WiFi only. During the first month, users reported good WiFi coverage. However, after the first month, users began reporting slow speeds and constant disconnects. Upon investigation, an engineer determines the SNR is currently 10dB compared to a baseline SNR of 42dB. Which of the following is MOST likely causing the WiFi issues?

    A. Latency
    B. Jitter
    C. Channel overlap
    D. Interference

Correct Answer: D
Question #899 Topic 1

Which of the following DNS records would a network technician create to connect to a server by its hostname?

    A. PTR
    B. TXT
    C. A
    D. SPF

Correct Answer: C
Question #900 Topic 1

A company wants to inspect secure web traffic from users within the network. All the company's internal devices have trusted certificates installed. Which of the following should the company implement?

    A. A load balancer
    B. A DNS server
    C. A proxy server
    D. A Layer 3 switch

Correct Answer: C
Question #901 Topic 1

A technician needs a way to allow clients to access a new application server on the network. Which of the following should the technician set up to achieve this objective? (Choose two.)

    A. DHCP DNS Server
    B. DNS SRV record
    C. DNS reverse zone
    D. DHCP scope option
    E. DHCP IP reservation
    F. Cloud-hosted DNS

Correct Answer: BE
Question #902 Topic 1

Which of the following OSI layers is represented by a physical address that is assigned by the manufacturer?

    A. Data link
    B. Transport
    C. Network
    D. Session
    E. Physical

Correct Answer: A
Question #903 Topic 1

Which of the following is used to protect the servers when a datacenter fails over from a primary power source to a secondary power source?

    A. A redundant power circuit
    B. A dual power supply
    C. A battery backup
    D. A generator

Correct Answer: C
Question #904 Topic 1

Company A has leased a second office located two floors below its main office. Company B is located on the floor in between Company A's office and is performing research on electromagnetic fields. The core switch at the MDF is connected to the switch at the IDF with a 131ft (40m) Cat 6 UTP cable. Both gigabit switches support Cat 7a and have SFP ports available. Company A's second office has reported intermittent issues with slow and sometimes dropped connections to the main office network. Which of the following steps will MOST likely resolve the connectivity issues? (Choose two.)

    A. Connect the switches using an 802.11ac bridge.
    B. Connect the switches with a fiber cable via SFP.
    C. Connect the switches with a Cat 6 STP cable.
    D. Connect the switches with a Cat 7a UTP cable.
    E. Connect the switches using a plenum-rated Cat 7a UTP cable.
    F. Connect the switches using a gigabit powerline adapter.

Correct Answer: BE
Question #905 Topic 1

A network technician installed a new workstation in an empty office for a new employee. The workstation will not connect to the network resources. The NIC and switch connection LED are both green, and the workstation reports an IP address of 169.254.10.1. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of the issue?

    A. The switchport is on the default VLAN.
    B. The BDPU guard is enabled on the switch.
    C. The DCHP relay is misconfigured.
    D. The switchport is administratively down.

Correct Answer: C
Question #906 Topic 1

A network technician directly connected two laptops together via 802.11 protocol. Under which of the following network topologies are the laptops operating?
(Choose two.)

    A. Bus
    B. Ad hoc
    C. Point-to-point
    D. Point-to-multipoint
    E. Star
    F. Mesh
    G. Ring

Correct Answer: AC
Question #907 Topic 1

A network analyst is troubleshooting a connectivity issue between switch A and switch B. The switches are configured with the following subnets:

Clients in VLANs 10 and 16 can communicate between switch A and switch B, but clients in VLAN 13 can communicate only with other clients on the same switch.
Which of the following is the MOST likely cause?

    A. 802.1Q mismatch
    B. Performance bottleneck
    C. Incorrect netmask
    D. Port security

Correct Answer: A
Question #908 Topic 1

A network technician is setting up a newly installed Internet connection at a SOHO that will support up to ten devices on the network. The company is required to provide its own router to connect to the Internet. The ISP has assigned an IP address of 173.28.199.67/32 to the office. Which of the following does the network technician need to perform to ensure all devices on the network can access the Internet?

    A. Configure the local machines to get an IP address from the ISP automatically.
    B. Configure each host with a static IP address within the 173.28.199.0 block.
    C. Configure the router's static IP and create a NAT for the local network address of 10.10.10.0/24.
    D. Configure each host to use its link local addresses for network discovery.

Correct Answer: C
Question #909 Topic 1

A network technician is troubleshooting a DOCSIS network. Which of the following devices marks the termination of the ISP's network and the start of the customer's network?

    A. Router
    B. Hub
    C. Modem
    D. Switch

Correct Answer: C
Question #910 Topic 1

A local firm has hired a consulting company to clean up its IT infrastructure. The consulting company notices remote printing is accomplished by port forwarding via publicly accessible IPs through the firm's firewall. Which of the following would be the MOST appropriate way to enable secure, remote printing?

    A. SSH
    B. VPN
    C. Telnet
    D. SSL

Correct Answer: B
Question #911 Topic 1

Which of the following is used for inventory management?

    A. Smart cards
    B. Chain of custody
    C. Asset tags
    D. MAC addresses

Correct Answer: C
Question #912 Topic 1

A wireless network was installed in a warehouse for employees to scan crates with a wireless handheld scanner. The wireless network was placed in the corner of the building near the ceiling for maximum coverage. However, users in the offices adjacent to the warehouse have noticed a large amount of signal overlap from the new network. Additionally, warehouse employees report difficulty connecting to the wireless network from the other side of the building; however, they have no issues when they are near the antenna. Which of the following is MOST likely the cause?

    A. The wireless signal is being refracted by the warehouse's windows.
    B. The antenna's power level was set too high and is overlapping.
    C. An omnidirectional antenna was used instead of a unidirectional antenna.
    D. The wireless access points are using channels from the 5GHz spectrum.

Correct Answer: C
Question #913 Topic 1

A technician recently installed a new home router for a customer. The WiFi password was only applied to devices that were locked down with parental controls.
The day after the installation, the customer reported the connection had become slow. The technician reviewed the logs, which indicated a large influx of video streaming. After the customer changed the WiFi password, the streaming stopped, and the performance returned to normal. However, later that night, the same connection slowdown occurred. Which of the following should the technician recommend to the customer to fix this issue? (Choose two.)

    A. Upgrade the firmware.
    B. Change the default credentials.
    C. Generate a new key pair.
    D. Use complex passwords.
    E. Turn off port forwarding.
    F. Install an IDS.
    G. Add a WAP.

Correct Answer: BD
Question #914 Topic 1

A network engineer is troubleshooting an issue after installing a new switch in the datacenter. The cables are not labeled, and the engineer has forgotten into which port the switch was plugged. Which of the following should the engineer review to find out this information?

    A. Physical diagram
    B. Logical diagram
    C. Change management documentation
    D. Performance baseline documentation

Correct Answer: A
Question #915 Topic 1

A senior network engineer wrote a script to verify the hash of each new configuration file deployed to network devices. Which of the following is the network engineer trying to ensure?

    A. File encryption
    B. Patch level
    C. File integrity
    D. Device hardening

Correct Answer: C
Question #916 Topic 1

Which of the following needs to be configured on a Layer 2 interface to allow multiple VLANs to pass through?

    A. QoS
    B. Tagging
    C. Port aggregation
    D. Port mirroring

Correct Answer: B
Question #917 Topic 1

A customer called the help desk to report general slowness on the network. According to the customer, the network is entirely unusable for a videoconference that is scheduled for that morning. Which of the following should the network administrator do FIRST to investigate the issue?

    A. Reference the baseline to determine the expected performance.
    B. Remotely restart the local routing and switching equipment.
    C. Instruct the customer to reinstall the videoconferencing software.
    D. Contact the software vendor for a server status update.

Correct Answer: A
Question #918 Topic 1

A network administrator needs to use a dedicated management workstation to access the network equipment. Which of the following would allow the administrator to manage the workstation via a GUI?

    A. VPN
    B. SSH
    C. SFTP
    D. RDP

Correct Answer: D
Question #919 Topic 1

Which of the following technologies allows traffic to be sent through two different ISPs to increase performance?

    A. Fault tolerance
    B. Quality of service
    C. Load balancing
    D. Port aggregation

Correct Answer: C
Question #920 Topic 1

A company currently has an inexpensive Internet service package that occasionally renews the internal router's lease information. The company uses a service that translates its FQDN for website forwarding and uploads information from the router on every change. This has caused occasional downtime for users who access the website while the change is propagated, and the company would like to eliminate this issue. Which of the following should a technician suggest the company use to resolve the issue?

    A. EUI-64 addressing
    B. APIPA addressing
    C. Static IP
    D. CIDR notation

Correct Answer: C
Question #921 Topic 1

A PC cannot reach a server in the same VLAN with IP address 10.10.5.0. The PC has the following information:

IP address: 10.10.0.255 -

Net mask: 255.255.252.0 -

Gateway: 10.10.1.1 -
Which of the following is the reason for this issue?

    A. The server IP address ends in a network address.
    B. The gateway address is incorrect.
    C. The server address is not in the same subnet as the PC address.
    D. The IP address is configured to be the broadcast address.

Correct Answer: C
Question #922 Topic 1

An IT director wants to strengthen the process for how wireless users authenticate after a recent security audit in which an evil-twin attack compromised domain administrator accounts. Which of the following will the director MOST likely implement?

    A. WPA2-PSK
    B. TKIP-RC4
    C. PEAP
    D. EAP-TLS

Correct Answer: D
Question #923 Topic 1

A network technician is upgrading a router's firmware. After downloading the file, the technician is instructed to run one of the commands below, obtain the output, and compare it with a value found on the vendor's website. The commands are as follows: generate SHA1 value <name of the firmware> generate MD5 value <name of the firmware>
Which of the following procedures was the technician instructed to perform?

    A. Verify the integrity of the downloaded file.
    B. Verify the file was decompressed.
    C. Verify the encryption algorithm of the file.
    D. Verify the file was scanned against threats.

Correct Answer: A
Question #924 Topic 1

A network technician has installed a new router/firewall on the network. The technician wants to ensure clients are able to access the Internet. Which of the following would need to be open on the router/firewall to allow this type of activity?

    A. RTP
    B. DNS
    C. FTP
    D. SMB

Correct Answer: B
Question #925 Topic 1

A network administrator logs in to a multilayer switch while troubleshooting an end user connectivity issue. The administrator has the MAC address of the end user device but needs to find the IP address. Which of the following would the network administrator use to find the IP address of the end user device?

    A. MAC address table
    B. Routing table
    C. ARP table
    D. CAM table

Correct Answer: C
Question #926 Topic 1

A medical office is experiencing connectivity issues with wireless devices. Whenever the neighboring radiology office is in operation, the wireless connection at the medical office slows down and drops frequently. Which of the following would be BEST to change to reduce the connectivity issues? (Choose two.)

    A. The wireless bandwidth setting
    B. The wireless frequency band
    C. The wireless operating channel
    D. The wireless encryption type
    E. The wireless security key
    F. The wireless transmit power

Correct Answer: BC
Question #927 Topic 1

A customer is unable to determine a company's IPv6 address when performing a command that translates FQDN to an IP. Which of the following DNS records needs to be updated?

    A. A
    B. MX
    C. CNAME
    D. AAAA

Correct Answer: D
Question #928 Topic 1

A recent audit found that passwords are being sent in a cleartext manner during CLI authentication. The network team has been tasked to manage all network devices using secure methods. Which of the following will the network team MOST likely enable on the network devices?

    A. SSH
    B. SFTP
    C. HTTPS
    D. SNMP

Correct Answer: A
Question #929 Topic 1

Which of the following is a cloud delivery model that includes the use of physical servers on site while the application is managed locally and in the cloud?

    A. IaaS
    B. Hybrid
    C. Public
    D. Private
    E. SaaS

Correct Answer: B
Question #930 Topic 1

Which of the following physical security measures will BEST identify authorized individuals who should be allowed access?

    A. Retina scanner
    B. Proximity card reader
    C. Smart card
    D. Mechanical lock
    E. Fail-secure PIN lock

Correct Answer: A
Question #931 Topic 1

A network technician has just opened ports 5060 and 5061 on the network firewall. With which of the following protocols are these ports associated?

    A. DHCP
    B. DNS
    C. SIP
    D. SMB

Correct Answer: C
Question #932 Topic 1

A company has moved to a building with a large number of WLANs. All clients are 802.11b/g/n capable. Which of the following can be performed to reduce the chance of interference with the nearby APs and maintain or improve the performance of the wireless clients?

    A. Migrate the clients to 802.11a NICs.
    B. Disable 802.11n.
    C. Disable the 2.4GHz radio.
    D. Use omnidirectional antennas.

Correct Answer: C
Question #933 Topic 1

A network technician has multimode fiber optic cable available in an existing IDF. Which of the following Ethernet standards should the technician use to connect the network switch to the existing fiber?

    A. 10GBaseT
    B. 1000BaseT
    C. 1000BaseSX
    D. 1000BaseLX

Correct Answer: C
